Mid-Term Evaluation Overall - Autumn 2020 for 2021Creation Date:ss is going well.StatisticsValue the following learning/educational issues have been a challenge for you in this remote class? (Check all that apply.)3/186
remote instruction affected your experience in this class?Attributes - t&l[No. of comments]Overall[2248]DIFFICULT22.64 %UNSPECIFIC FAVORABLE16.01 %ENGAGING7.30 %HELPFUL/SUPPORTIVE5.65 %EASY4.45 %ENJOYABLE3.87 %UNSPECIFIC UNFAVORABLE3.74 %TOO MUCH OR TOO LITTLE2.62 %WELL DELIVERED2.09 %RIGHT AMOUNT2.05 %How has remote instruction affected your experience in this class?CommentsIt is quite odd to act in a remote environment, so it was difficult to adapt at first.It has made for a more distant, but still fruitful, experience.It has strongly impacted the experience negatively. The lectures are hard to find and sometimes mislabeled. The professor doesn't seem to understand how to use canvas orpanopto yet and doesn't own up to her shortcomings with technology. The use of Piazza was helpful at first, but now seems like a new way for the professor and TAs to beratestudents who are struggling or who ask for help.This class is heavily structured around discussion activities and working through the assigned readings with our peers. These discussions aren't as productive over Zoom asthey are in person as 1–2 people end up carrying out the majority of the conversation.It's a little tough to ask for help in a one on one setting.Most people are more hesitant to talk over Zoom than they would be talking in person, but that's the exact opposite for me, so I actually feel like I'm getting more of an opportunity totalk now than I would have otherwise. Because of that, I feel like I'm getting to interact with the texts more and getting more out of this class than I potentially would have in person.It's also easier for me to go to office hours when all I have to do is click on a Zoom link instead of wandering around aimlessly trying to find my professor's office.I miss the in–person interaction we would be getting had it not been for COVID, however, the zoom lectures have been good and the level of lecture versus students speaking iswell balanced.It hasn't affected it negatively.I wish there was more discussion about how language works because all of our discussion is surrounded with the readings which I believe is due to limited class time.Not at all! I think the discussions are going well! My only regret is not being able to get to know my classmates better.It's made it somewhat difficult to have a good dynamic between the students and instructor in terms of questions. Electronic handwritten notes do not work as well as whiteboardor chalkboard.Lecture is very monotoned with little interaction and it becomes very difficult to remained engaged.It's been fineDifficult to ask questions because the instructor feels as though everyone has to want that question answered for him to spend class time explaining it.Even though we have to do labs and lectures remotely, I still find them very interesting and I learn a lot from them.Discussions are little awkward, but not a big negativeDiscussions are a little more awkward, but that's a small thingProfessor does a great job keeping everyone engaged. Feels like an in person setting.This course has transferred pretty well to remote workI'm gaining a lot from the lectures and in–class exercises. Online quizzes are new for me and still a little difficult but so far they have been going okay.Significantly – Professor Yamuna will not record synchronous class sessions and Junyi, our TA who hosts Zoom calls, has not made an effort to either. This class is by far theleast accommodating class I've taken during quarantine as well as during my entire time at The College. Being graded on material that we haven't been taught yet is whollyunreasonable for a course meant for non–STEM majors. We also haven't received our first lab grades back yet and our second lab writeup is due. We do not know where we canimprove on our assignments, have not received any feedback, and have received resistance from the instructors when we ask questions.Not able to be with the other students and interact with them physicallyMost of the "learning" aspect is done on our own. In class serves as a discussion session, which I find very helpful.Fewer in person labs, but the labs are still engaging and connected with lecture.Not being able to physically interact with my classmates. I also find it a bit hard to relate things to the professor simply because it is online and I cant physically present things tothemThe instructor has issues with internet and other technological capabilities. The internet breaks enough for me to not understand what he says, furthermore, his handwriting iscompletely illegible.All remotes labs are so much better; no pressure to perform procedures perfectly means I get to focus on concepts instead of steps. The pre and post lab assignments are superhelpful for comprehension, especially compared to in–person gen chem labs.Though I miss in–person instruction, the remote classes haven't been too difficult content–wise and my TA explains the content excellently. My only concern is that I sometimesstruggle to pay attention (although this may be inevitable, given the remote format)Lab not in person and not being able to meet with people for problem sessions and work.I've never taken a CIV class before so I have little to compare it to.It is harder to stay engaged in class and be an active participant. The zoom screen is just not the same as sitting around a table to discuss with your peers.The remote instruction has been challenging. It is a lot of independent study, with only one weekly synchronous component.Professor Haddadian sometimes loses control of the excessively vocal students.Nothing so far.I feel like I am not getting as much practice speaking. Professor Vegna does a nice job of compensating for that by calling on us specifically.Remote learning has led to a lot of self study and mostly asynchronous components of this course. It has not changed the format too muchLab has been cancelled and replaced with other, significantly more time–taking activities.I feel very disconnected from the class since it is all asynchronous learning.Making the puzzles is a bit weird in terms of getting them ready for remote play.Not a lot; I'd probably do the same stuff I"m doing nowDiscussions are a little strangeThe majority of my learning is completed on own (via reading the textbook and watching videos).Feels a bit more distant and the lack of access to resources makes the class feel somewhat inequitable (e.g. people having access to the Adobe suite clearly have betterprojects)Discussions are a bit harder since everything is virtual.I don't know how this class normally works, but I do know that labs now have been very different from the normal course, and they're difficult and confusing.I think it has affected my experience in the sense that it is harder to get to know students and interact with them over zoom.Remote instruction has seriously affected my experience thus far, I find it difficult to participate through a zoom platform. The participation grade has caused a great deal of anxietyfor me. I've never struggled with participating in the past but the platform is very "intense"? It's difficult to speak when you are staring at a screen of 20 other students who arewatching you intently. I also really struggle with receiving validation after speaking– the zoom platform is very uncomfortable. The majority of the time there is little reaction aftersomeone participates. Like sometimes I feel like I am just speaking into the void..? Very few people will nod their heads or visibly demonstrate their approval/disapproval. I am notsure what can really be done about this, it is just all very unfortunate. I wish the discussion felt more natural.Conversation is more difficult, because of the virtual format, and it does slow the discussion a bit.Discussions are more challenging because people are more reluctant to speak up and participate. Also, people not focusing and laughing are more obvious and distracting thanwould probably happen in an in person class.This course is perfect. Pablo is a 10/10. No negative comments to give.Its going fine, I just wish that we could calm down on these weekly quizzes. The frequency is more troublesome than a midterm + final.Remote instruction has made it harder to interact with other students, but I think Prof. Keenleyside has already done the best she can to facilitate discussions through breakoutrooms and working groups.Very little. Class is mostly lecture focused, anyways.making that happen, though!Labs are fully remote, which is unfortunate. Lectures are , fortunately, extremely on–topic.Not much has changed.We miss the big screen! And zoom just isn't a replacement for in–person discussion.I am less engaged because of remote learning. It is much harder to pay attention in class. I feel less involved in the class.I haven't gotten to know anyone in the class, but the instructor is doing a good job keeping us engaged.To be honest, it is incredibly difficult for me to keep up with everything. This is not Professor Long's fault; however, I find it especially hard to keep up with all of the readings andknow when homework is supposed to be due.In many ways, remote instruction has improved my experience because it’s much easier to share code with professors/TAs and ask questions (because of Zoom’s share screenfeature). It’s also nice that the lectures are recorded so if I miss something I can just go back and rematch it.It is certainly different than it would be in person, but has not been a noticeable problemNot much at all. Sometimes it is a little unnatural to speak and discuss but Prof. Dowdy does a good job making this a small problem.Probably has made connection with other students more difficult, but in terms of instruction, I don't think it's had a big impact.Since it is remote, it has made it very hard to interact with other students and forming study groups as a result.I have not gotten to know anyone in my class.It has made things a bit more difficult, but not too many problems have come up.It is kind of hard learning and engaging when you don't see the proffessor or the classmates.The synchronous lesson are very large, and this makes it hard to ask questions and get them answered. It is hard to pay attention to the chat and the lesson at the same time.It has made it harder to visualize Econ graphs. It has also made it harder to interact with other students.It has been overall good. Not being able to see things conceptually like demonstrations is difficult.It has made a difference, but most problems have been worked through.It is difficult to participate.No major problems have come up.Remote instruction has not negatively impacted my class experience. It feels "somewhat" normal. The teacher explains articles to us (lecture), we have break out rooms (smallgroups discussing stuff), and discussion is orderly because we use the raise hand signal.I feel slightly less engaged with asynchronous learning content, but I still feel I am getting a lot out of the class.Remote instruction has not negatively impacted the class. It seems "somewhat" normal. Professor speaks (lecture), we use the raise hand button to give input (which keeps theclass orderly).It has created certain opportunities to learn in different ways, but has also distracted from the material.It hasn't affected it too much, apart from reduced engagementIt is harder to stay engaged and not get distracted since I am remote.It hasn't really affected my learning. The current structure via zoom mimics how class would be in a lecture hall. Prof lectures, we listen and take notes.I really enjoy the accessibility of the online format and think it has translated wellPoor communication from professor and teaching assistants, very confused about course expectations, disconnect between instructors and students, we were expected to justfigure everything out for ourselvesSince I am a first–year, I have no past college class experience to compare with but overall I think it is more or less working well. However, there are some instances whentechnical difficulties get in the way.In a weird way it improved it: being able to review lectures and study at your own pace is really beneficial!Quizzes can be difficult, simply because of them being online.It's a bit chaotic to have a foreign language class on Zoom but it works out in the endBeing online, it is harder to grasp the concepts that are written on a tablet than if it was in person. It is more limiting and makes it more difficult.I feel like I would've learned the same material just as well in person.It has been hard to be as engaged with the material compared to if the class were in person. Lectures are now pre–recorded, and the instructor reinforces key points and answersquestions during class. The instructor is great at teaching the material and answering questions, and he is very enthusiastic about the class. However, the remote environmentstill makes it difficult to enjoy the course as much.The class is taught really well through remote instruction.Not dramatically different, harder to focusIt's really hard to be engaged because the course is asynchronous and it feels very lonely despite a class of 60 students. I just feel overall disconnected from the course material.I think that this class is really managing to get the very best of remote instruction. It would obviously be great to be in a class together, but I think the class is doing really really well!I'd say that online classes have made it such that discussions become hyper–focused on one topic for the entirety of a class period, rather than meandering organically. This isn'tinherently bad by any means, but is somewhat conducive to people checking out of conversations when/if they don't head in the directions that we annotated towards. A possiblesolution could be sending out topics that we might annotate "towards"?It is a little bit less personal, but Prof. Fefferman has worked very hard to try to help with thatThe online format is hard to understand and comprehend concepts with.We have a lot less face to face interaction and discussion which is disappointing, as I don't find online discussion boards to be the most exciting way to engage with the materialand other students. I enjoy the organic flow of discussion when we have synchronous class and I wish we had more of it.I'd say that the only negative way in which remote learning has impacted this class is in the lag time for discussions associated with virtually raising hands, in which I find myselfsometimes preemptively raising my hand to get a point in or sometimes finding that the conversation has passed by a point that I might have added.I think the discussions seem forced and lackluster because of the lack of in–person interaction. Also, the canvas posts seem like a chore.Personally, it is hard to follow along with. Although I do like having breakout rooms online than having a one–on–one conversation with classmates.It is a little hard to jump into the discussion at times but apart from that nothing else. Also sometimes my wifi is a little janky and I get cut outI currently enjoy the class. Remote instruction has been goodIt's been pretty alright all things considered!The class being remote has not affected my experience – I think I would've had a similar experience either way.This class is awesome, remote instruction has worked very wellThe discussion presentations at the beginning of class are much tougher to give/receive than if they were in person. The lack of face–to–face interactions makes it tough to gaugeunderstanding. Besides that, the overall lecture is fine as Dr. Hubbell does a great job of facilitating discussions.It's working well.The remote instruction has not been going well. I feel like the lectures should be pre–recorded since at times the professor tends to rush since she is trying to fit it all within thetime limit and at times I get lostI wish we could go and see some of the tablets in person, but that's understandable.proposition.With SOSC by nature being such a discussion–based sequence, it's difficult to replicate the authentic back–and–forth of ideas in a virtual setting.It has been more minimally effected thankfully. Of course we don't get to spend time with people in the normal way, so its quite hard to connect with other students. But structurallylittle has changed.I don't know if it's been negatively impactful, if anything.Not that much, I am surprised about how well our zoom discussions are going. Of course, they are a little more awkward than meeting in person, but overall, it is workingDiscussions would obviously function better in–person, but I think this class is really doing great! We are fortunate, in the Paris cohort, to be able to study together and chat witheach other about the material we river.No major impact. Professor Cohen is doing a fantastic job.There are no zoom meetings or live discussions of any kind in this class, and this is unacceptable to meIt's really interesting taking a inverse class! I kind of like the idea of doing small classes with lecture notes to work on the problems.Remote instruction is going well. Our discussions are, for the most part, free from technical difficulties. Professor Cook does an excellent job keeping track of who is waiting tospeak.Yes and no. Its a lecture class so normally that doesn't involve a lot of engagement. I would say zoom meetings are much more awkward than in person.I'm also worried about the midterm because we have a limited amount of time to do it and then upload it which is just asking for trouble.Participation is awkward over zoom, particularly for a language course. Zoom fatigue occurs fairly oftenI have not experienced any significant detraction from the experience as a result of remote instruction.While Professor Christian and the students are making the most of the situation / trying to make remote instruction work for everyone involved, it has definitely taken away from theoverall quality of/experience in the class.It is difficult to engage in discussions about the textsRemote experience has been difficult as this is a TAPS class and I am not getting the hands on experience that usually comes with such a theater class.It is hard staying engaged and keeping myself accountable when I'm not in an actual classroom.This class is doing really well! I miss having the possibility to interact face–to–face with others, but this class is doing a really good job of using Zoom for discussions.Remote instruction has been beneficial, since I have been able to review course material and complete assignments on my own time.It is a bit more awkward and difficult to speak up in class to ask questions.We don't have as many hands–on opportunities to workshop pieces; instead, we must implement others' suggestions on our own time. The lack of in–person interaction in smallgroup activities hurts a bit.It has not.Assignments are unclear and instructors are not understanding of remote learning difficulties.It is more difficult to focus in lectures and often confusing because my attention needs to be split between the chat and the occasionally visible laser on the slides.Maybe discussion is a little more disconnected but its not too badWhat instruction? I'm just receiving information on how to complete homework – no real material instruction. There also aren't any helpful examples on how to complete labs or feedback to tell me how to improve my work.Not reallybe much easier, deeper, and better in person.Not really affectedI miss the opportunity to have in–person conversations, since all the humanities sequences are by design so discussion–based.It has made it harder to participate in discussion section.Since this class is lecture, I feel that remote instruction has not had a particularly negative effect. In fact, it is nice sometimes that the screen–sharing function can be used soeveryone can see the screen up close (as compared to being in a big lecture hall).So far, remote instruction has been accessible (for me) and satisfying.I'm not sure what the class would be in person – definitely better, just because we would probably meet more frequently and we would be more engaged, but it is working decentlywell online.I feel like it hasn't altered how his class would normally be taught.Bellamy has done a wonderful job helping us adapt to remote instruction. With this class being on Zoom, it is even helpful to be able to clearly see/hear all my classmates.I cannot contend with the material I am learning in the same manner as if I was in person. Attending live classes is a struggle for me as my internet connection is very weak. Theinstructors willingness to upload the lectures has helped greatly as this way I am able to load the lecture and watch uninterruptedly. Remote instruction has also affected myexperience as I cannot physically hand in my work and my current resources and situation are constantly changing.Overall, remote instruction has been good. There are a few times where wifi issues or sound issues through Zoom have made it hard to understand the technicalities andnuances of language and pronunciation, but this problem is not frequent.This class works in person. Online, it is difficult to know if I am doing everything right – I would much rather be looking at someone in the eye and chatting.The clear weekly instructions on Canvas and added remote component of videos to watch before class have helped me feel prepared for each class.I feel like the class would be pretty similar to what it is now if it had been in person. I would have liked to review a concert in person but what can you do...It has been difficult to ask questions and to learn math in a remote setting, and office hours do not seem to be as useful compared to if they were in person. However, theinstructor is willing to answer questions and clarify things if we ask. Additionally, working with peers on Psets online has helped a lot too.I feel like the discussions are going well, and I am able to work with the material. However, discussion is not as smooth online compared to in person, and there are still technicaldifficulties with audio/internet connection for some people, affecting discussions.It's very difficult to pay attention to the computer screen for a three hour period.It's more difficult to ask questions and we can't do labs anymore.Live lectures of 500 students don't feel productive. The subsequent labsI think this class works fairly well remotely.Makes it very difficult.not muchEasier to participate because of Zoom handnot much.Synchronous lectures are going well and I am learning a good amount, but we are not able to cover some concepts as easily or as deeply as I would like due to the remote natureof the course. Office hours have helped with covering more material/concepts and answering questions.I sometimes struggle to focus on the screen in the second half of class.Has made it difficult.not at allZoom fatigue really grates on my attention span, but that's true for all of my classes.Learning remotely has caused me to lean towards watching lectures asynchronously but fall behind when midterms come around.Overall, I think the lectures have translated very well to remote learning.The lectures have translated very well to a remote format.I don't feel like instruction being remote has really changed my experience. I think classes would go pretty much the same whether or not instruction was in–person.Very poorly. Remote instruction makes it very hard to ask for help on specific code.Easier to attend problem session and lectures as all onlineI feel like discussions in this class are a little hampered by everything being online. It works, but it would be better in–personI am not in the best position to fully focus on the class and take quizzes due to drastic time zone differences.No in–person labDiscussions don't feel as natural as they would in–person. Professor Brenner has found a way to make it work, but I think it would be better in–person.Remote instruction has been really wonderful!I haven't been able to attend lectures. But watching the lecture recordings have been helpful. I dislike how I have to be present for 20 minutes to be available for the quizsynchronously.Asynchronous lectures. Having to work with group members virtually.I have been struggling a bit more with this class, though I am unsure if it is because the material is hard or because of the remote format. I think the instructor rushes a bit morethan I am comfortable and I find the class sessions insufficient to allow for understanding. I often have to rewatch the lectures and reread the textbook.Flipped class.Haven't been able to attend lectures synchronously, but it is very helpful to have recordings. No labs :(Professor is very unavailable to students and continues to have tech–related issues. Communication is also lacking, which is less of an issue in an in–person course butparamount for virtual learning.Synchronous discussion, asynchronous lecture.Allowing lecture to be asynchronous creates less of an incentive for students to engage directly with Professor Wilson. It just puts the responsibility on the student but, he makeshimself abundantly available to his students through open discussion during class time and regular office hoursThe class is purely asynchronous, meaning I don't feel like I have any connection to the professor whatsoever. I have attended the optional discussion sections but these are allundergraduate TAs.because it's asynchronous, I can watch more informational videos on the topics and skip the professor's without worrying about time.The class is now a reverse–classroom, where we watch lectures and read the textbook beforehand, and then do problems in class. Schmitz has been great about staying after toanswer questions as well.We meet less, but I think our discussions whe we do meet are usually productive, since we have the time to watch the recorded lectures and do the readings on TuesdaySince I am a first–year, I do not know how classes usually are when they are not remote. However, overall, I think it is working well considering the difficulties of the remoteenvironment.I can go to class while eating lunch, which is nice.I do miss the face to face interaction with the professors that you get in person, even in large lecturesokdo" or "not sure if we will need to do". He skips steps that are not intuitive and makes the lesson more confusing. Sometimes we spend 10–20 minutes per meeting goingthrough a problem that he messes up so much he gets himself lost and then decides that we should continue it the next class after spending so much time on it already.I don't have to go to class every day of the week, which is nice. Also the option to choose which sessions to attend is good because I'm already quite familiar with R, so I don't needto spend time in class on something I already know and can go to the workshops that are focused on class material I don't know. I have had pretty much no interaction with theprofessor though, aside from watching her videos (which doesn't really count). However, I'm still learning stuff fine.Discussion is a little stifled sometimes, but I've found that to be pretty normal for online classes. Otherwise the lectures are good and I feel I am learning a lot about Daoism.Asynchronous learning is new to me, so the first few weeks have posed a steep learning curve for me, but I think it allows me to improve my work habits and learn to engage withclassmates in different ways.We are not having as much synchronous time together or engaging in as deep of discussion. However, on the positive side, Professor Parsard has been very mindful of studentstress.It's better since we can watch the recorded lecturesgreatOccasional connectivity issuesFlipped classroom – listen to lectures at home, class time reserved for questions and additional informationHonestly, I prefer having the asynchronous lectures availableI don't think remote instruction has played a role per se. The experience would be the same in person.Discussions feel more stifled than other classes. I've found it hard to have really cohesive class discussions on Zoom, but particularly in this class there's a fair bit of silencebetween people talking. That's changed in more recent class sessions though, so I think we're getting more comfortable with each other.I've found it harder to ask questions in class, engage with professors/TA's outside of class, and study with other classmates.The course is structured differently than it would be in person, but I think Emily has done a job adapting to the new environment.Discussions don't always feel cohesive because a queue forms with hand raising and by the time you get to speak, several other people have spoken and the conversation is nolonger about what you originally wanted to respond to. So the discussion progresses in a strange way. I still think our discussions are really good and they're making me think alot, but if there's one thing I find hard about zoom it's definitely the raised–hand queue.I don't think remote instruction has impacted this class negatively.Not much.Not sure if remote instruction is to blame.Not much.It is more difficult to stay motivated.Really love that I can rewatch the lecture videos.Asking questions is a bit harder without an in–person class – most are reserved for the endThe class has less synchronous time together and more assignments outside of class. Aural skills are a lot harder and take up more time than they would be in person.It is a little difficult to follow lectures and to ask questions remotely.It's greatBio Labs are limited to data analysis only. The wet lab part is removed which is much more interesting.I don't feel like it's as active of a learning experience as it would be if it were in–person based on what you've described from previous semesters. I also feel like if there's anoutage, we miss valuable instruction time that we have to then go back and make time to re–watch and that also affects participation points.This course is a really small course that needs more discussion and interaction. Although we did have sometimes well discussion going well, the main times are being affectedby the fact that we are not in the same classroom. It is hard to raise your hand, and also hard to get in smoothly when others are talking.No, it has not.Not much. Sharing math with partners is hard.No, it has not.No, it has not.I think the homeworks and lectures aren't as well interleaved during the week in the asynchronous format.It is harder to request help and ask questions with the asynchronous instruction mode.it is hard to stay engaged with the materialLess direct communicationit is hard to be engaged with the class being all onlineLargely hasn't. Only more difficult to work with peers on problem sets and review for exams.Not able to attend lectures synchronously due to time difference. Miss out on half of the opportunities to engage in class discussion (Canvas discussion boards used but not asorganic as speaking).weirder to talk to people over Zoomweird to have a seminar over Zoom.Time difference makes it difficult, but I really appreciate that this class accommodates for Hong Kong Time.Harder to pay attention during Zoom meetings.Harder to pay attentionnot that different than a normal math class im guessingI can't be sure how remote instruction has affected my experience because I don't know what language classes were like when they were in person. However, I think we do groupdiscussions often enough despite the difficulties of being remote.While remote instruction is much less preferable than in–person classes, Professor Kearns has been wonderful at navigating the new norm and making class engaging andeasy to participate in.It is difficult to make intrapersonal relationships with peers as well as professors.I am surprised that remote learning for this course has worked out quite well. I was once unsure if I can learn math well and effectively in a remote setting but my overallexperience with this course is very positive.While this class would have been more enjoyable in person, reading and translating texts is not too challenging over Zoom.I feel that I am most likely doing better in this class than I would have done in person.on–zoom quizzes have been stressful as campus wifi makes it difficult to reliably submit pictures of our quizzes before time is upWhile this class (as all others) would be more enjoyable in person, reading and translating texts translates well to a Zoom context.While I feel that the in–person component is such a key element to a smaller seminar like this course, I found the remote setting for this course working out well. Professor Rothand Bruce are amazing and conversations or exchanges of ideas have flowed well.I feel like an in person experience would have been more beneficial for this course.I think that in person would have been an interesting experience, but I do not believe that remote learning has handicapped me in anyway.It is working out and getting better. But I originally did not realize how hard remote instruction for this large chemistry course could be. Having a remote course with five hundredpeople is a little bit overwhelming. But I also understand that it is generally very hard to work with such a big class.Not sure, I don't have any in–person courses for reference.Sometimes harder to speak up or ask questions.Not sure, as I don't have similar discussion–based in–person classes for reference.Hasn't affected it much.It has been undesirable. The labs have not been related to the curriculum and have added an immense about ` stress outside the topics that we are learning.It has made it almost impossible to learn and understand chemistryWe have in–person tutorials which really help!It makes discussions a little harderI feel like it's really hard to collaborate over zoomLess concentrationSometimes it is difficult to speak up in class because it is all over Zoom, however this hasn't impacted it too much. In some ways, it has made it easier to make inputs in class (viathe chat function).Asynchronous lectures have been useful to refer back to, and the synchronous lecture time has been useful for practice problems.Being over Zoom and watching videos to learn ASL has been working very well. However if the camera ever glitches, then it does impede on comprehending what is being said.We cant feel the instrument or go to the concerts but its ok. thankful we have the digitalization of music and have youtube and Spotify.The fact that the lectures are recorded has been pretty helpful in studying for the midterm. Also, professor Pincus and the TAs understand how different this year is and have donea good job of adding time throughout the week to meet with them and pick their brains at the Wednesday Q&A. There is a lot of reading and in a normal year we would probably getprinted packets whereas now I either have to sit in front of the computer and strain my eyes or pay to print it all.I feel like discussions are hard to start and truly get engaged in.I have a hard time focussing and following what the professor says.With remote instruction, I have less of a chance to get to know and collaborate with people in class, as well as getting to know the TAs and the instructor.Sometimes it is difficult to show workings to other people in the class via zoom. However, the use of certain software tools that were recommended to us by our professors haslargely overcome this issue.I no longer have the opportunity to attend office hours physically, and I think there's quite a challenge to communicating and collaborating with people in the class.yes – less inclined to attend class, because i don't have to physically attend. also considerably more difficult to pay attention for an hour and half while i'm sitting in my aptDifficult to focus in discussion/lecture.I think that the lecture format currently is not effective and in–person lecture would be much better.It has just made the ability to discuss feel a bit more distant because it is through a screen.Has shortened lecture times but increased time for questionsI only have one class a week so it doesn't feel like I'm doing much for this class.I think the class is going very well, the amount of work is more than reasonable, it is interesting and engagingIt is probably the hardest class I have ever taken and I think it has compounded with the virtual programming and the boring aspect of virtual labs.Remote instruction has made it slightly more difficult to grasp a few physical properties of the chemistry we are learning.there's no time to ask questions. If possible, can classes be extended or be more frequent so there are more chances to ask questions?Attending the synchronous lecture with such a large group just feels like I'm watching a video rather than being personally taught to, especially since it doesn't make a difference ifmy camera is on or not, unlike in other classes.We are holding class weekly over Zoom, and have had to share our screens for things like presentations.There is less interaction among the students.There is more group work outside of class than Professor Ford says is typical, although I think this change is apt. Class discussions are probably less spontaneous and a bitslower than they might be otherwise.The course is being offered in a one–on–one format because Professor Abbott thinks lectures don't translate to remote learning very well. This is obviously very different fromusual, and I've never taken a class this way before. We are also only meeting once a week instead of the typical two.There is probably less student engagement in discussions than if it were in person. However, this is somewhat typical for math classes.It's not so much the remote instruction that makes this class difficult as it is Ishan's teaching style, which is deplorable. This class covers relatively simple topics, which he makesas confusing as possible by jumping between problems, getting confused in the middle of explanations (when he explains anything at all, which he seems to try to avoid doing asmuch as possible), and approaching topics via the most convoluted route (this seems to be a result of the fact that he doesn't often prepare things to talk about, and just lecturesrandomly with no defined trajectory). I'm quite lucky that I already know the material, but I feel awful for the people in the class that are being exposed to it for the first time. Everyonewould do better learning straight out of the book, so what's the point of wasting 150 min/week of everyone's (including Ishan's) time? I understand that it's natural for somecourses to be taught by grad students, but even for a grad student prof this is bad. This being the last math course some of these students will have is depressing, it feels like theschool couldn't care less about students in the 150s given it hired someone like this...for a 70k tuition, stuff like this absolutely should not happen. I'm sorry for the aggressive toneand normally I'd modulate my words more, but this is an incredibly disappointing class, especially given that it's one the majority of students taking calculus will attend. It's notIshan's fault ––I'm sure he has little support and little training in education–– but he shouldn't have been hired for this role.I feel like it's hard to learn math online but my TA is doing a really great job and such and i think the curriculum has been a littles more loose which helps with stress.It does not seem to have detracted from the experience that much. There are only small technology issues. For example, sometimes the audio isn't clear so I miss apronunciation. The first time I tried to record a meeting I also forgot that when I started a new meeting I would leave the class meeting, so I had to find a way to contact my partner.I'm not sure but I'm certainly confused.learning bio online is tricky but i am glad we do not have a lot of assessmentsI think remote instruction is alright for this class, it isn't the best option because personally, I find chemistry quite complicated and so I have a lot of questions and it is quite hard toask questions over email and not have them be answered like right away.I don't think it has affected the experience very much, the class is going wellThe medium makes some tasks more difficult.It makes reading plays out loud harder, but that's to be expected. I think Mickle makes up for the in–person aspect by encouraging us to give peer feedback and to come to officehours at least once.getting supplies in time has been difficultIt has made it difficult for me to understand the concepts.Remote instruction has made this course increasingly difficult as the concepts become more complex.Being able to be fully interactive and take notes in a regular class setting.Understanding art in a virtual setting is different.no synchronous lecture/discussionIt has probably altered it in terms of the types of activities done in and out of classIt makes it more difficult to know what is expected to have done for each class.Not much, although the class time we get for discussions isn't as long as I'd hoped for.Learning chemistry virtually is not the same so it is difficult to grasp the content.Remote instruction has made it really hard for me to succeed in this class. I am someone who learns better in person because it is hard for me to connect with peers for help andfocus in class when everything is remote.It sometimes becomes difficult to hear well, making it hard to translate.I can't attend the Problem Sessions because of the time difference.The class is at very late time in my country.It is sometimes difficult to get clarification on certain topics because the class is asynchronous.Learning online is harder because it is harder to focus and connect with peers.Since math isn't greatly affected by remote learning, it's actually been helpful. I get to rewatch the lectures on my own time.The only problem with this course is finding time to watch the asynchronous lectures. Perhaps also balancing the time spent working on Lab and Homework assignments withcoursework from other classes.lightlyIt hasn't greatly impacted my experience in class as we're given videos to watch as lectures before class. During class, we are given a series of problems to solve (which I findhelpful).I feel like it is harder to ask the questions I need to ask, especially considering that I have no prior experience in programming. Being remote has also made it difficult to keep upwith the fast pace.Office Hour time is inconvenient for me.I have unmuting anxiety. Before remote learning, discussions were a conversation, but now it is a race to who can unmute or press the raise hand button the fastest.It's been harder to learn the materialNot much at all.Allows flexible time to go over material in preparation for class.I think it's been fairly unimpacted (I mean it would of course be nice to be in person, but given the circumstances its good)While the discussions would flow more naturally in person, Professor Ilievska does a great job facilitating discourse.Remote learning is okay for an intro class like chem 111.It makes the class feel more sterile than it would in person.The convenience of being able to pick my own CLIC session has worked out great.Not much.I feel like in–person instruction would have benefited our seminars but Prof. Spanos has made the seminars nice with historical background and asking us thought–provokingquestions.I wish it was in person. In general, I believe that humanities classes should be in person because we get to interact with the professor more.I wish it was in person.Remote instruction made it harder to understand the material because of the whiteboard writings. Overall, I did learn and was able to ask questions.It is going really well. I wish there were more announcements letting us know expectations for upcoming assignments.courses. We do class–wide activities, group discussions, and at–home writings, just like happens in an in–person class.Being online makes speaking and understanding what is going on in the class more difficult.Labs have become more difficult to complete and thus take longer than normal.There's a lot more remote/asynchronous/individual work than I'm used to in a humanities course, and less active discussion with my classmates, which is my favorite part.It hasn't done much. I actually like that this class is remote.Because a lot of the work is asynchronous and it's harder to ask questions in a virtual lecture, I feel like I've ended up doing online research when I would otherwise ask theprofessor or a TA. I could send an email, but this is just faster.I think this class has translated well to remote instruction.It has made me more reliant on other online sources. It also feels like I'm teaching myself the material sometimes.This class only consists of lecture and exams, and I think lecture has translated well to the remote format.There is less interaction with the class onlineThis class is completely different than it would normally be with the in person labsit has made me even more shy.This class is so well organized!! I honestly love doing this class online because it is so easy to follow along, and the lectures just serve to reinforce what you are currentlylearning/working on in the assignments.Not much, considering the size of the class I believe it is one of the classes where had it been in–person, nothing much would have changed for lectures. I definitely feel lessinclined to ask questions however, because of the medium.This class has had a bit of a rough transition to the virtual format, but it is settling in.It is a bit different since there is not that in–person aspect to the class, so the feel isn't the same. Although since I don't have to spend time walking to a class from my dorm I feel Ihave a bit more time to read and do work for my other classes. Although there is barely a difference in that aspect.I feel it is easier to get lost, there isn't enough time allotted to ask questions. It's difficult to keep track of the lecture and all the questions asked in the chat as well. The fact that thelesson itself is recorded seems helpful, though. Yet, because all my work and reading fill up my time when combined with other classes, I can't make full use of this and I end upfalling behind I feel. It's also difficult to get answers from all the TAs that line up, although it's understandable that each would differ, but still.Group discussions are a bit tricky. Going into breakout rooms to do partner work is effective.I feel that at times the content and discussions are rushed.NAIt's much more difficult to conduct meaningful conversations about texts over Zoom, so I'd say remote instruction has negatively affected my experience.Interactions are in general more awkward via zoom. Otherwise the class seems to function as I assume it would in person decently wellZoom is isolating. Participating in class discussion is in general more awkward online, though that's not unique to the course. It changes the atmosphere of any course,especially one so discussion–based.It's fine.internet sucksYamuna has been very helpful in answering questions when neededIt's been difficult because the class is literally about stage design, which is by definition in personIt hasn't a ton, there's just a degree of awkwardness in speaking upIt's tougher to grasp some conceptsShe's very passionate about her class and work.I don't feel as though remote instruction is heavily impacting my experience, as it's largely just discussion which is easily done virtually. However, it would be nice to have that extraaddition of face–to–face interactions and I think would add another layer of enjoyability.I feel like remote instruction has made it harder to absorb the material. It makes it more difficult to engage with the instructor and properly convey questions and concerns.I don't believe that remote instruction has had a massive impact on my experience.Remote instruction hasn't really impacted how effective/enjoyable the class is, but one thing is that sometimes people aren't called in conversations due to the inconsistencies ofZoom video, and conversations over Zoom often have awkward pauses in–between.Remote instruction makes a lot of the work asynchronous, and I find it a bit hard to approach people for help regarding my singing and transcription capabilities.Not by much, except that it is hard to get help exactly when you need it.N/Aasynchronous participationasynchronous optionN/AWhen we have synchronous meetings, there are over 300 people in the call. Many people ask questions that spam the chat and it is hard to focus. Not only this, but having onlyone synchronous meeting makes it extremely hard to learn. It is basically like I am teaching myself chemistry, which is fine, but I would rather learn either in a classroom or on azoom call.It is harder to discuss a book on zoom, just because in class discussions are always going to be better. However it hasn't been too bad, and I am surprised with how well tingsare going.It has allowed for classes to be recorded, which useful for revision and resolving timetabling clashes.Recording is available and it helps very much with timetabling clashes.It has not affected my experience in any negative way.It barely affects my experience. Sometimes the internet connection is slow so the video freezes and unfreezes, but other times the connection is fine and the discussions hadgone well.It barely affects my experience, although sometimes the internet connection is not steady, so the video freezes and unfreezes randomly.It barely affects my experience, although sometimes the internet connection is not steady, so the video freezes and unfreezes randomly.Slight timing difficulties, but they are resolved.It has been a bit more work than I would've originally hoped for, but the class has been going great.There is a lot of work for this class and it's sometimes difficult to get it all done, but I like that we only meet once a week and the other day is recorded for us to watch whenever wewant.This class has been great even with remote instruction. I like asynchronous lectures, because I can pause and take notes on the material. I like the way that the assignmentshave been changed for remote instruction, because they are less stressful, but still have the same teaching effect.Due to time zone difference, I cannot attend classes synchronously.I'm finding it difficult to comprehend some concepts due to having my lectures pre–recorded.I can not ask as many questions as I would like to and I'm finding it difficult to speak up over Zoom.Not at allIt's been working very well for a remote class.I don't have anything to compare it to, but I don't really have opportunities to meet my classmates as much as if it were in person.Inability to freely ask questions as if we were in a regular classroom setting because the instructor DOES NOT STOP to ask questions.Engagement has been limited, as is expectedIt feels a little bit more impersonal just because it is all virtual, but I feel as if the discussions still are quite interesting and that Joe has done a great job making the class fun andmore personable.We do all the problems virtually instead of in person.It is a bit more difficult to pay attention to the lectures just because everything is online. Furthermore, some of the labs are virtual just because of the situation.It usually takes a bit more time to get through a discussion because conversation does not flow as fluidly as if it were in person.Not much, the discussions are going well. Probably only the interaction with other students.The labs have changed from the original labs in the course, but they are educational as I can learn more about the process.Remote instruction hasn't impacted my experience in this class much.I don't think that remote instruction has impacted my experience at all in this class.It would have been more ideal to have a discussion in person and to be able to see others speak, but with the given situation discussions are still productive.Obviously, an in–person class would have resulted in more natural discussions/conversations during class, but the instructor is navigating it well.I'm still able to experience the class more or less how I imagined it. It does make synchronous discussions/conversations a bit awkward at times, but we're managing.It's been an adjustment, but it's been going alrightThis is primarily a lecture–based class, so I don't imagine my experience would have differed drastically, were this course to take place in person.Difficult to have conversations on such important topics because it's awkward and hard for me to stay focused while staring at a screen.At times it can be difficult to focus while staring at a screen.Remote lab activities are very different from real onesI feel like the remote instruction has made it very difficult to actually retain any information.The meetings are a little late in my time zone, and I don't feel very comfortable to participate in the discussions through zoomthere are asynchronous lectures and synchronous problem sessions which are very helpfulNo complaints.Remote instruction has made it harder to participate in lectures and ask questions. Though people ask questions through the chat, they are quickly buried under many otherquestions.the time of the meetings is a little early in my time zone, so sometimes it's hard to focus. And I'm still not very comfortable participating in discussions through zoomI feel like discussions are not as lively as they'd be in–person.It is difficult to get clear instructions for assignments like the labs. The format of the synchronous lecture is chaotic and hard to pay attention to everything at once.I have a hard time paying attention synchronously, and then if I get distracted I end up missing something. I've realized it might be better for me to take remote classesasynchronously so that if I find myself getting distracted I can pause class and take a short break.It is sad that we can't have as many class activities.Remote instruction has made class discussions a bit more difficult, however, overall I believe that the class activities translate well to online instruction.quite effective to studyThe breakout rooms are definitely different than working in person but I feel like they go well.quite hard to understand all conceptRemote instruction hasn't necessarily negatively affected my experience in this class. I believe it is rather time–consuming in a virtual environment, however, it isn't toooverwhelming.It has been a little negative. I tend to find myself tempted by other stuff on my computer when I'm in the class. For example, I will get an email about a grade for another class, andspend 5ish minutes looking at my grades/what I need to get on future assignments. Its just a individual limitation though, not the instructors fault.Remote instruction has diminished the availability of our instructor. Pre–lecture videos are posted each week but never addressed during live class time. One class a week, ourprofessor essentially does the homework for us. However, contacting him for clarifications id a bit difficult outside of the Zoom classtimes.I think it's made learning more difficult.It's made it much simpler to attend lectures.Due to the time zone difference, it is difficult to ask about homework questions to TA when I have a time conflict.I think it is very difficult to learn Spanish online. For me, the largest problem is online tests. I spend so much time fiddling around with accent marks, and trying to fix theautocorrected words back to English, I end up missing key instructions. I tried converting my keyboard to Spanish, but I have no idea where the buttons I need are, and half thebuttons I use regularly are in different locations. I feel like it would be very beneficial to have a lesson on how to type in Spanish, or we should be able to write our quizzes thenupload them.Remote instruction has incredibly affected my ability to learn. While a zoom call replicates all of the functions of being in person, it does not address the intangibles of actuallybeing in a room with your classmates. Zoom elicits distractions and promotes a person ability to not participate.Even though it is much easier to learn math in person, the math department has done an excellent job translating in person classes to remote classes.Remote instruction has greatly affected my experience. Learning a language over zoom is terribly hard, and all of the necessary intangible aspects of language learning in personis almost completely lost on zoo.NegativelyI think remote instruction has worked quite well in this class. I enjoy how on Tuesdays we can do things at our own pace, especially because the class runs through my typicallunch hour. Furthermore, the conversations flow relatively well over zoom, the only awkward parts being the omnipresent "You go", "No go ahead" and then both start talking at thesame time – which can hardly be avoided. I'm unsure of how the reading is typically done, but doing it online is much better to me. I get to save a lot of paper that would just bepiling up in my backpack.I would be doing better if this were an in–person class. The online aspect has detracted from more discussion and questions about the materialCreated more flexibilitySometimes, it is a bit more difficult to know when I can speak up, but other than that it is pretty much the same.Modified discussion doesn't seem as organic.Things are about the same.It's difficult to learn more complex problems over zoom among peers.I think asynchronous lectures help a lot.Asynchronous lectures make the class easier.Not much, the asynchronous lectures are a bit odd but you can easily adjust.Discussions are a bit stale but everything seems to be going well. Readings are fairly straightforward.Not really at all.Not much, although there have been some technical difficulties.Not too much, the class takes the format of lecture + programming, so we do it online either wayNot really that much.It definitely affects the discussion pace a lot... And we really struggled with catching up with the syllabus. That's a pity because there are a lot of good materials and we haven't hadchance to investigate them more deeply. And definitely a lot less student communication given that everyone is muted and not on camera until class starts.Screenings and the spontaneity of visual analysis has been negatively impacted. Discussion also feels less fluid.the good is staying at home in a familiar environment so don't feel as stressed. But online really deters student communication and teaching in generalYes– sometimes I find it difficult to participate in class.Difficult to stay motivatedHaving a zoom lecture with 500 people is so chaotic. The chat is constantly filled with questions and it's impossible to focus on both the chat and the lecture at the same time, butif I don't pay attention to one of them then I miss out on important instruction.flipped class online is pretty fine...?Not much – prof ybarra is doing a great job of adapting to the remote format and i'm learning a lot!!It is harder to have discussions over zoom, but overall the class has been going well.It has made me better at communicating with my professors since I'm more comfortable with email correspondence.It is harder to get feedback on artwork on zoom, and it is harder to see exactly what is happening in a demonstration video vs. actually watching the instructor do it in–person.There are times where my internet connection is unstable.it is just hard to participate in 200–person lecture online. But recordings make it easier to keep track of what he's saying and double check to write down notes.It's fully asynchronous, so I haven't met any of my peers. It is nice though to be able to flexibly what everything on my own time.The conversation doesn't feel as Socratic as it would be in personI haven't met my peers, which would be really helpful because it would allow me to have study groups. This is a hard class, so study groups make a difference.The lectures get recorded, which makes it easier to prep for tests (I go over the lectures)It has been more difficult to ask questions, but the lecture videos are working well.I enjoy the added convenience of watching labs and lectures when works best for me, as well as rewinding and returning to things as necessary.There has been less opportunities to discuss the reading and learn of its impact on the real world.It has not affected it a lot, as most tutorials are in person.It's made the lectures less interactive, which is to be expected, but there's still a sense of connection with the professors and TAs.It has made it harder to participate in large–group discussions, although this is a problem in any Zoom class.We spend more time doing asynchronous activities, and less time in class.It is really difficult to get an office hour slot, I have tried waiting from 9:30AM till 11pm and still could not get a spot. The due date/time is also really weird since it is due in theafternoon.It's made the class feel less immersive as it might in an in–person setting, particularly as a music class.hasn't really affected meI am not sure if this class is unsuccessful due to the remote experience rather it is the teaching method.more difficult to have discussionsno negative impactFocusing for 1 hour 30 minute remote lectures is sometimes a challenge (more so than it would be in person). But otherwise, remote learning hasn't had too much of an effect.It hasn't reallyDiscussions would be much more engaging in person, but we have done the most with what we have available.It actually makes interviews easier! I like taking this class remotely.Discussion seems to be as vibrant as it would be in a normal classroom!I have not had many demonstrations of the concepts we are learning because o the remote formatRemote instruction is going well! I like the pollsIt has made it more impersonal––it's a lot harder to connect to people and talk, especially when doing labs.A little difficult to learn any computations, since most of the lecture is based on slides. But this was expected, so it isn't a problem.It does make a it a little harder to interact with classmates, but because the class is small the effect isn't large.I think that Prof Pincus has done a good job of making lectures fun and enjoyable even though they're asynchronous.Not significantlyIt makes it much harder to ask questions and interact with the professor.It's not as interactive as there aren't labsI think the only downside of remote instruction for this class is not having a hand–on lab experience.Not participating in physical labs has been a downside of remote instruction.Made it difficult to focus on a 3 hour long classI feel like I'm having an awesome HUMA experience. Online or not.Made discussion more difficultI have never had an in–person SOSC, but this class is absolutely GREAT! Prof. Ahlin is so considerate of all challenges of remote learning! He experiments with class format andmakes sure we get the best out of learning in these special circumstances. We have great lively discussions, and the office hours are a great opportunity to talk aboutassignments!I have ADHD, and it is exceedingly difficult for me to stay focused during online lectures.It seems like there is more work being given than if it were a normal year. Asynchronous and synchronous material piles up.It has adapted well!It has lessened my participation in class. Furthermore, it has hindered my ability to learn. I would definitely prefer in person learning.It has made it more difficult to understand concepts.Remote instruction has made this class a little bit harder as it is more difficult for the professor to give proofs and write mathematical equations.It feels like there would be more discussion and conversation with the texts if it was in person, but that is natural.The discussion is not so rich although the proffesor make a huge effortless of a respect for our time, we consistently go 10 minutes past the class end time.It is more difficult to get in–person help on concepts I struggle to understand.Very much, classes are asynchronous which is difficultLectures are confusing and disjointed. Professor moves on from topics before questions can be typed up.It's precluded the possibility of free–flowing discussion and questions that would ordinarily arise during an in–person class (even a big lecture) that would allow the class to godeeper into a text or problem. Instead, the Q&A format––although much better than a Zoom lecture––is very broad and untargeted.3 hours is a long time to be on a zoom call.It is harder to have meaningful discussions about our readings.Ideally we'd be able to get to work on an actual production! Or at least get started. It's difficult to think of everything in hypotheticals, especially when we don't know if/when it wouldbe possible to even make the films we're planning.I think the experience has translated very well.This class actually functions reasonably well remotely.Not at all! Professor Patel has done a great job adapting his lectures to a remote format.It's hard to meet other students in the class, making the problem sets and tests much more time–consuming.It hasn't negative affected my experience too much because I enjoy the contentSince it's more of a lecture class, it hasn't affected my experience too muchThis class has no live lectures and have pre–recorded videos that prevent students from asking questions as they come up. The teaching of the course is mostly already availablevia YouTube and GeoDa work pages for any user.It is extremely hard to focus and contributeHard to stay on top of work and stay motivated.Pre–recorded lectures, in–class exercises (flipped classroom).It has made the conversation portion more difficult and the time seems too late to get much discussion going.The multiple ways to participate are helpful with my scheduleHandwriting is illegible, first 2 and a half weeks were not recorded. Uninteresting, difficult to follow, cannot take notes.It has affected it negatively too much in my opinion.It's harder to ask for help than it would be it was an in–person course.Since this is a discussion class, it would be nice to have it in person, but I think it works well over zoom. The breakout rooms actually help my learning in this class.Zoom breakout rooms are very much hit–or–miss, because sometimes people don't want to participate at all in breakout rooms, so it's hard to work together.I think the videos that we watch before class are really helpful and make up for the fact that we don't have in person classes/lectures.YesThis is a math class that does not require much discussion between classmates, but rather lecturing from the professor. Remote instruction has positively affected my experiencebecause I can learn from my room.Remote instruction itself has not made a significant impact on my experience in this class.It is not very effective, as the discussions are important and with this structure, it is hard to carry them out in a nurturing wayNot really.Remote instruction has affected my learning experience negatively because it's extremely hard to ask questions and hard to even understand my teacher as my teacher has badinternet.The class is a large (40+ people), synchronous course. My wifi often cannot support the bandwith necessary for streaming, and my Zoom often gets slow, glitches, closesaltogether during class, sometimes multiple times in one class.We have many connection issues, but they aren't too bad.It hasn't affected it too much.It's much harder to stay engaged, especially during lectures. Breakout groups help, but I think this is unavoidable when teaching online classes. Because of this, my BIOS is farless enjoyable than say a discussion class like my HUMA.Obviously being remote makes discussion more difficult and less lively, but my SOSC is all in–person and I'm coming to genuinely appreciate hopping out of bed and getting mydiscussion on instead of having to be a normal human being and go to an in–person class.It's really hard to stay engaged with the lecture in a remote setting. I find that I have to constantly keep myself from checking out. I get most of my knowledge from the reading anddiscussion posts. The discussion posts aren't enjoyable, but I think they are very necessary to keep everyone going in the right direction. The lectures would be *much* moreengaging if we were all in a room together.Unaffected.Not muchOverall, I think remotely learning has been pretty successful in this class.Not much, it's actually more helpful to be able to rewatch lectures.it is much too fast and it's hard to stop and ask questions. by the time you type out your question in the chat we have already moved on.Overall, remote learning has gone relatively well, although I do think it is a class that needs to be in person. Remote learning works, but it is not as effective.Professor Lyons has made it more comfortable for us to be able to participate in class.Not very muchRemote instruction is going ok, I am motivated enough and my time management skill are good enough to complete all work effectively on time.Feel like I get less personal feedback on workMore flexible ways to watch/learn materialLess time hearing the professor speakI think the class has been largely unaffected by remote instruction relatively speakingRemote learning has been particularly problematic for this class because the instructor can sometimes have difficulty communicating essential concepts.Has made it harder to see examples of graphs, etc.I would rather watch the films in person with everyone, but the class is going about as well as it could possibly go under the circumstances.Discussions can be more difficult online than in person, but I don't see any way to fix thatI feel like lectures are harder to understand and are a bit more disorganized. Labs have not been helpful at all and having lab groups/TA meetings have not been great either, sincewe are all working remotely.It's made discussions a bit harder, but having zoom breakout sessions makes the dialogue flow much better, rather than just listening to a lecture drone on over 80 minutes.Everything still seems to run very well. Lecture are organized well, and discussions are also organized well and are really helpful. I feel like I'm learning the same in the remoteformat as I would've in–person.Great! Lots of discussions and insightful topics on a day to day basis. It's been great overall.Maybe it's a little harder to ask questions but I really don't think it's had much of an impact in this class.I can do the lecture part of class on my own time which is actually probably nicer than if it was in person.The Uchicago zoom email requirement was confusfing nd thus I was unable to re–watch lectures in the first two weeks.The lectures aren't as helpful as they could be because most of the lecture is online, and therefore you can't ask questions during the synchronous lecture because there are somany students in the classThe class' lack of a time on the portal means that it completely overlaps another one of my classes. Thankfully the recordings are still online.The remote instruction has been excellent. My professor has adjusted the course to our needs, which has been super helpful in navigating online classes.It has made more interactive classes like this more uncomfortable to talk in. Also the quizzes and remote assignments have no deterrent for cheating, so some might abuse thisfact.I am finding it difficult to prioritize watching the lectures or attending synchronous sessions.The professor is super helpful in adjusting to our class' needs, especially in terms of slowing down his lecture or flipping back a slideWhile I have not felt the any motivation to attend synchronous classes, I nonetheless enjoy the panopto lectures, at least so far.Class is proceeding largely how I would have expected it to normally (aside from being remote, of course.)I feel like it hasn't impacted it too much, but there are of course some intangibles that are lost.I feel like it has made the experience a lot less interactive and engagingNot too much. I think the lecture format lends itself well enough to onlineI have no point of reference, but it seems like this class has slowed down substantially in the transition to remote learning and it's become very difficult to focus on it.It's difficult to concentrate; it's harder to feel engaged and interested. Zoom issues have cut class short or caused delays.Remote instruction has been difficult as expected but Professor Cunningham has taught the class in a manner that's really well even with the virtual format!given me more time to learn the material by myself.It's mostly affected the discussion section rather than the lecture. The lecture has been made relatively interesting and easy to navigate, but it is somewhat difficult to gainsomething from the discussion section (particularly breakout rooms)Unfortunately, I'm not able to collaborate with my peers in person or ask questions in person with my TA and Professor. Also, I'm not able to do labs in person, which is something Ilooked forward to.There have been issues with zoom, screensharing, etc. I think it has also been difficult to form a relationship with the professor(s).It's definitely made it worse. It's harder to converse with people over Zoom and written discussion boards don't feel like conversation at all. Now, I don't think there are betteralternatives, and they are far better solutions than nothing, so I am happy with the way the course is structured, but that doesn't mean I like remote instructionIt's been good. The asynchronous model works well for meThis is probably the class of mine that is made hardest by being remote. Listening to music together and understanding certain sounds would absolutely be easier in aclassroom. However, being in a classroom is not a possibility right now, and the way Siavash is handling it is making the class as good as it can be. It's a bad situation, but giventhe circumstances I think we're making the best of it.I don't think it has affected it much. Video lectures are about the same as large in–person lecturesSometimes connectivity issues get in the way but overall the class is fine.Not more than it's a bit sad to not be able to get to know my classmates very well.I honestly don't think the class would be terribly different if it were in person. Discussion based classes translate pretty easily onto zoom.We always seem to have technological issues, which isn't the prof's fault but its just frustrating sometimes.It is less engaging, even though the instructor is doing well in order to make it better.Overall i don't think remote instruction affected lectures that much but labs are very different.Remote instruction destroyed my experience in this class.There is always something due and labs require significant time.Difficult to work with the professor one on one and be able to point out specific things that are challenging. Also hard to compare work with classmates in in–class examplesbecause we aren't able to show each other our work. Occasionally his writing lags and then when I'm trying to write down examples and notes I am frantically scribbling becauseI'm behind. Also, the wifi makes online lectures (outside of class) take at least twice as long as they ought to because they lag so much.I'm not able to really meet any of my classmates nor actually experience the labs. I understand this is due to the size of the class and wanting to stay safe during the coronavirus,but the lack of lab experience is especially unfortunate.Haven't been able to really meet any of my classmates, which makes it difficult to work together on group assignments, especially outside–of class projects.I feel like discussions are not as animated as they would be in an in–person class. No fault of the professor, it's just exhausting to be on zoom all the time.I think it is harder to build a rapport with the professor and TAs, but we are all doing our bestI'm not able to bond with classmates, or collaborate with them on homework. The remote instruction has made it so it's harder to ask questions about the course when I do havethem.Remote instruction has reduced the quality of class and increased the work.A lot –– this class is not working with the remote format and needs revisions asapHarder to be motivated to do work.It's very hard to know which concepts are important or not, especially since we only have lecture and discussion section once a week each.The remote format has honestly been working well, and it basically feels like a normal in–person math class.Not a lot –– Prof. Ciesla is doing a great job. He is a great Professor.I think it has made it better because I can rewatch lectures and usually it helps with comprehension, instead of sometimes having to chase down professors to ask them aboutcertain points when we had in person learning.N/AThe discussion isn't as fluid or inclusive but it is still productive.Yes, the expectations are unclear, lack of community to help with assignments, TAs not as helpful as they should becollaboration is sometimes hard to find but the work is manageableIt has made it a bit more difficult to find study groups. But since this class is so big it is not that difficult to find people who are also enrolled.No issues.I think providing lecture recordings would be very helpful. The notes would make a lot more sense if we could hear what the professor is saying with it.YesThe transition was very smooth. I feel very supported in this course.Remote instruction has not affected my class in any meaningful way.I feel like the lectures have been fine. Obviously the labs have been affected, but they have done a good job working around that.Because this is a discussion–based class, I believe that not much has changed. We are all still able to discuss the readings and our personal experiences well enough. I dothink that we would feel more connected to each other if we were in person.The zooms are very large so its easy to get a bit overwhelmed. It also makes it difficult to get your question fully explained and answered.Math is very hard to teach remotely since the professor has to explain so much material and students need to be able to speak up immediately if they do not understand a concept.I think most people, including myself, are doing all right (I have thankfully covered all of the material in previous math courses), but there are definitely those who are struggling tokeep up.This class has done a good job making the remote factor work as seamlessly as possible. Its still a bit awkward in discussions without body language cues but there's not muchthat can be done about that.Easier to work with other students during class because of breakout rooms.Based on my experience with having both my high school orchestra class and this class virtually, I can say with confidence that music classes and online learning do not gotogether in any way, shape, or form. It is extremely hard for the instructor to play quality recordings in class, which can impact our understanding of the music.It has made it more difficult to keep up with different assignments and due dates. Fortunately, we have still been able to communicate very effectively in German in the virtualclassroom.Fewer interactions with ProfsAttending class remotely means absolute concentration is difficult, but the professor and students make the class engaging and informative.I do not feel that we have been able to learn much in this class so far due to issues with the remote format.It’s made the lab report format far more manageable and informative than my gen chem experience last year.It’s been fine, although I feel like I don’t know my fellow MENG majors as much as I’d like to – I attributed that just to the nature of online learning. I’m actually glad, however, that Dr.Stoykovich is making the discussion hours mandatory, because it’s really helping me in the class.It has been extremely difficult to keep up with this class in a remote format. The lectures have not been easy to follow, and students frequently interrupt the professor withquestions that often cause further confusion.Not much besides not being able to see the professor in person.Although the reason they cannot be held is understandable, not being able to have in–person study groups definitely affects my ability to learn from other students.Everything’s been great so far, although I feel like I don’t know my classmates as well as I would if we were in person.Not much, besides being able to meet with my professors in person,Not much, if anything it’s helped my grasp of this subject. I love the format of “theory” videos followed up by “practice” sessions on the same day. I think I’m learning a lot!Staying engaged while taking a remote class is difficult, by the professor's energy helps me stay focused and willing to bring my ideas to the table.Mostly pertaining to the labs; the new labs feel somewhat hastily put together and lacking any actual content of the unitIt has been difficult to focus on the synchronous lectures on Wednesdays because of all the questions being asked in the chat simultaneously. I try to focus on both what theprofessor is teaching and the questions being asked, but sometimes it can be too much.Not too much compared to what I believe the normality is.It has made it a little bit harder to fully understand certain topics but nothing is unnreasonable.Shift to remote is pretty seemless in this class.It has allowed for greater flexibility, which makes it easier to manage my assignments.It becomes more difficult to feel motivated to interact with the professor.It has been somewhat less enjoyable, because I wish I could develop a relationship with my classmates and professor.It has not.The shift to remote instruction is pretty seamless in this class.Discussions feel less dynamic.It has been difficult to learn remotely.It has been a shame that I cannot develop a relationship with my classmates and professor.Less opportunity for natural conversation with peers (to help with practicing language).It's been a neutral experience for me. I like the asynchronous nature of the class, but at the same time I don't like the lack of engagement from the professors (which is what gotme interested in chemistry to begin with).The classes are almost one way.The class itself is not really affected but the quality of the TAs are definitely affected negatively. The TA is supposed to help us to clear our confusions but they are not doing the jobthey are paid to do. Multiple people had to ask multiple times to have the TA very unwillingly explain the concept to us.It's an in–person class, but the first week of online classes was handled well.I'm still learning well despite it being an online class.There has been a couple of internet connection incidences but everyone is really understanding and the professor is very engaging.I think the virtual instruction and discussions are as effective as they would be in person.The remote classes for the course are a bit fast–paced when switching between virtual resources, but overall the remote instruction has been good.I actually don't think the remote aspect of the class has affected the quality.Lecture videos have been greatThe virtual labs have been difficult to complete, as many of the requirements are inaccessible and lead to changes in the assignment after it is assigned.I often have trouble comprehending what Prof. Sibener is saying as quickly as he says it, and I think it would be easier to comprehend if I were physically in class. Labs would bebetter if we did them in person, for sure. However, since it is a large (~90 person) class, I don't feel like I'm missing out on much of a personal element. And the content it just asinteresting as it would otherwise have been!Aside from connection/zoom audio issues, remote instruction hasn't significantly affected my experience in this class.The format of remote instruction limits the amount of material that can be covered in a given amount of time.It is hard to learn content now especially because I am in essence teaching myself.Overall, remote learning has not affected the discussions that much. It is just harder to get to know everyone in the class.Not a big effect, it is just harder to get to know everyone in the class.I think this class wouldn't be as difficult if we could be face to face with the professor. Professor Masur is a very patient person but explaining proofs on zoom can be quite difficult.The lack of reliable lecture recordings makes it harder to review material (audio is often cut off or only part of the lecture ends up being recorded). I am sure it is even more difficultfor students far outside of the Chicago time because they cannot attend class in person. There are frequent technical difficulties with the software used by Prof. Lamadon (thingsshowing up on screen, etc.) which he should try to correct.There is less teacher to student interaction.It's going great. Sharese taught remotely last quarter too and knocked it out of the park. So this quarter is even better.Positively. I don't see why we bothered going to lecture in person before all of this.I have no point of reference, but the class experience is fine.It has been a bit overwhelming to take in all of the material, but the instructor definitely tried to be helpfulIt has been going pretty alright.Being online is making this really difficult for me. I want to learn the concepts and it is a class I enjoy, but things go extremely fast, and rewatching every lecture is really takingadditional time and energy. I think I am experiencing a lot of zoom fatigue.Since it's a 3hr studio art class and we have students all over the world, the whole class is asynchronous. Even though we get frequent feedback on our work, you can't ever getfeedback /as/ you're drawing or have your teacher demo something live while you are working. Also not having access to studio space is a bummer :–( but the class is still goingfine :–)I think discussion–based classes are always going to be a bit more difficult to do on ZoomWe had to have out art supplies shipped to us, which delayed thingsIt hasn't.It hasn't.It hasn't.This class has been a horrible experience. Expectations are not clear. We waste half of the class time in breakout rooms, where people do not talk, turn their cameras off, do notinteract, etc. It feels like the blind leading the blind and it forces students to spend a ridiculous amount of time outside of class teaching themselves the material.Technology issues on the instructor's part have disrupted class.Although instruction has been remote, I have been able to understand the material in each class session and ask questions inside/outside of class when I assistance.It is difficult to coordinate all of the requirements for this class.it feels just like an in person class.It has helped me speak more often during class and helps me relax.I have had a tough time learning the material since I have limited time to review the lesson on my ownOnline classes have increased the amount of time I have spent on homework and subtract from me learning the material and its applicationsI do not attend live lectures, but instead watch recorded lectures, which I feel benefits me in learning the material. Also, since our lab meetings are only 5 students + the TA, it feelslike that is a more personal, bonding time together. (Both positives!)I don't think that this class is massively affected by being remote. It's possible that the discussion isn't as natural in this format. We meet in smaller class sections than we wouldin person, which I think is beneficial.It has made asking questions exceedingly difficult and understanding economics through graphs is harder because there are less resources.I don't think remote instruction has impacted my course experience much beyond not getting to know my classmates as well.It's a lot of work. I think it would always have been a lot of work, but I think the lack of schedule in my day and the level of work in this class, especially remote work, makes it feellike even more.Remote instruction has affected participation in a negative way because it has created confusion within the Zoom meetings.I havent been able to engage because most of the work is independent.Lack of engagement. Feels like i'm being talked at and not talked toI like that chat function on zoomIt's a lot harder to sit down and do art.I'm usually just really confused until after I finish the module, which is due on Sunday. I don't start that until later in the week so when discussions focus on them and it's a TuesdayI don't get a lot out of them.There feels like a lot more work this time around to make up for not taking in–person classes.Having to attend lectures in the night is rather disruptiveOne of our instructors has chosen to add roughly 2 hours of pre–recorded lecture each week, in addition to synchronous discussion during the allotted class time. This makes theclass a much larger time commitment than the in–person format, and the discussions do not feel productive or beneficial the way they are currently formatted.My internet service is not reliable, so it has proved to be an issue.n/aIt would have been better in–person, though the recordings are nice.Not differently, but it does seem that class discussions are more muted than what would have been in an in–person class.Professor has tried her best to make it work, so far it has been great.Recorded lectures and posted notes have made it actually easier. It has been wonderful, and Billy has been very supportive.Since exams are open note, I can spend more time focusing on studying general concepts and understanding the material as a whole. Being able to do the labs on our own timehas also been beneficial.The asynchronous lectures are great and allow for somewhat self–paced work. The course seems to be moving a bit slowly, but Dr. Reid is doing a great job of beingaccommodating.It's a discussion class and I feel like discussion is not strongly fostered in a remote environment. The level of work is a wee intense especially because a lot of it os offline and weare online for the majorityIt's harder to focus sometimes since everything's online, but the teacher is doing great in teaching!Remote instruction has made it more difficult to work with other students in the class. The problem sets are difficult and I wish there was an easier way to collaborate with others.But synchronous classes are going well despite the remote format and the professor and TA are both very available via office hours/email, which is helpful.I guess it's harder to discuss and form closer relationships with my peers since everyone's online.I have had to set away for a few moments, during class. Additionally, my wifi was not working adequately,I have had internet problems that prevented me from opening the Zoom links.I find it a bit difficult to organize my notes due to the distance learning availability.Remote learning has helped me to orient my not taking in a more positive way. However, this is only the case for this course.Remote learning has its benefits. Class time is more flexible and it allows me to go back to parts I didn't understand or pause to take notes. However, sometimes the videos arenot uploaded on to Canvas in time, which means for me (someone living in a different time zone), attending lectures on the next day or the weekend, which limits the amount oftime I have to complete the problem sets or participate in discussion. This is a big problem.I took Spanish 1 on campus prior to COVID–19 and did poorly. In fact, I was so discombobulated by the multiple different platforms the class took, that I often for got to doassignments or forgot to log in to something. But NOW, since everything is remote, I just feel like the organization and scheduling is right there, readily accessible. The per–courselectures are a must have and I always come so prepared. I actually speak all of the time. It’s greatParysa is literally the most innovative and accessible professor I have this quarter. I love how she’s embraced this new style of remote learning to ensure we still have a UChicagoexperience. It’s as if I’m literally taking in more of the class because of this. I’m really grateful to have found it.It has made it far more difficultThough I don't have an in–person CMSC 15100 experience to compare to, I don't believe that remote instruction has impacted the quality of learning / teaching in any meaningfulway. In fact, the lectures being recording and accessible at any time is actually a benefit because I can go back to them as needed.and recorded lectures are working well and I think I am learning a lot. Additionally, the discussion sections are really large. For a class of around 80 kids, we only have 3discussion sections, so each has over 25 students. This is not nearly small enough to have a productive discussion and I wish the College hadn't imposed these ratios.I don't imagine it's that different in person, but I do like having the ability to ask questions in the chat instead of interrupting Prof. Steck.While I certainly miss in–person history class, I truly believe that this is the absolute best this class could be (and I mean that unironically). I love the ExoTerra element, which addsan immense amount of character and depth to the course that I would not have otherwise had. Although discussions can be the most fun thing to do over zoom, I honestly don'tknow how to improve that.I didn't think a class could go as well as this class is going even on a virtual platform. Prof Poast and the TAs clearly thought out a structure that works and is very engaging. I lovethe podcast/lecture/Q&A session on Thursdays and the ability for me to go at my own pace throughout the module. Elsy and Prof Poast, you're godsends.It is almost impossible for us in different time zone to take the synchronous class. So when we have questions to what professor or TA mentioned, it is hard to get a respondimmediately.It is kind different from the traditional class. It is helpful for us to review when we look back the videos but it is hard to participate.It seems a little bit more difficult to stay focused during the session (this is not a fault of the instructor or how the class was set up)The class has been good so far. Professor Fefferman was very accommodating in giving multiple times for class and office hours.I don't know if it's because of remote instruction, but I do not like this class. I was really excited to take this class on a lot of really cool social thinkers from around the world, but Ifeel like this class has devolved into a history class in which we're not supposed to connect things to other things, and I just really don't understand what I should be preparing forbefore discussion. I appreciate making the weekly responses pass/fail, but I still want feedback on my essays so I can improve them before the final essay comes around.We basically have pre–recorded class.It has made it very difficult to feel comfortable asking questions and getting clarification on topics that are challenging for me.It is definitely a different experience from in person classes and from the virtual class I had in my senior year. It has definitely made it a little harder to focus on class and retaininformation than it would be if we did this in person.I think it has made things a little more complicated but overall this class works totally fine in a fully virtual setting.It is very different from a typical english/humanities class I have taken before because of it. I can tell my teacher definitely has a different teaching style in person versus online.Honestly it is not that bad other than not being able to be one on one with my teacher when learning spanish.Harder to access resourcesIt makes it more difficult as I need to spend more time "in lecture", as there is an asynchronous video I need to watch and a zoom meeting to be at. By itself it is not an issue, but incombination with 3 other classes doing the same thing, it can be a overwhelming.Not being in person for a discussion class is an unfortunate necessity.Negatively, as there seems to be some sort of association between being online and greater demands upon an individual student than there would have been if it was an inperson quarter.Negatively, as there seems to be some sort of association between being online and greater demands upon an individual student than there would have been if it was an inperson quarter.Having asynchronous lectures has helped a lot.It honestly hasn't affected much.I have enjoyed this class, even remotelyProfessor does not teach the material during classtime. He expects us to go through materials on our own (which I think is fine) but he is basically blabbering in front of thescreen.Not at all.an interesting artwork or image.Not much. Class going very well.SomewhatThe internet connection problem may sometimes make what instructor has said hard to understand.labs are online which is odd but the way they are taught is no less effective than in personlectures are online but that's itlectures and discussion are online but labs are in person which I really appreciateDue to time zone conflict, I could not attend office hours and problem sessions. The problem sessions are fine because they are recorded, but missing office hours, which are notrecorded, is really frustrating. I hope the professor could share the notes of the office hours, and collect questions from students who cannot go to office hours so that theprofessor could help us solve our problems. By the way, sometimes my internet is unstable and I just cannot open the recorded video. That was really troublesome.Due to time zone conflict, I could not attend office hours and labs. It is really frustrating because they are not recorded. And I was really confused about a lot of concepts and I don'tknow how to deal with them. By the way, sometimes my internet is unstable and I even cannot open the recorded video for lectures.I have difficulty accessing many materials, especially for most of the videos. It usually took me hours to download a short video or document, or I even cannot open the link to thatvideo. Also for the lecture part, sometimes my internet is unstable and I cannot fully understand others' speech in the discussion, which makes me feel frustrated.badly, I feel that lectures are not useful at all; however, discussion session is more useful.It's actually been great – I get to rewatch lectures to refresh my memory.not much; the lectures are useful and insightful. The only problem is that I can't attend TA sessions because of time differenceI feel like discussions are more awkward and less engagingLess in–person labsLabs are remote and as a result, the virtual "lab" assignments are poorly worded and are unclear, often having to go through multiple modificationsHaving to use virtual desktop remotely is decreasing my efficiency, because it is slow throughout the day and I have to wait for it to respond.Hard to pay attentionit's late for me in the UK (7:50–10:40) which makes it even harder to want to participateconcentration lowbad signal at times on others' endIt has notIt has notIt has notIt is a bit difficult to participate in class discussion (have to wait in a queue so some comments feel irrelevant by the time you speak).It's made it both easier and harder to do homework. On one hand, I get real time feedback on whether or not I'm on the right track to solve the problem. On the other, Gradariussometimes can't recognize the correct answers or steps.It has made the labs worse and impacted the professor's ability to teach using examples.It has made the labs worse by preventing us from doing our own data collection and gaining experience in a lab environment.not muchnot muchthe class meeting time is still a little too early for me, but other than that the class is going well.I feel less engaged by the content, but I'm trying to overcome that as a personal challenge of maintaining my attention.Not muchI miss the classroom environment a lot, but overall its been fine.I miss the classroom environment but I don't think the remote aspect of the course has affected my experience too much.I was in a different time zone, and I requested him to record the class but he never did that. So I cannot attend class live – I can only read his notes, which greatly undermines mylearning experience.I can not discuss my ideas with my teachers and peers as easily as I could have in person.Professor Rodowick has been really great about making the class engaging despite the remote nature.It's made it a lot harder to self–study, but it is not undoable.We have less interaction with our professor but we are still creating good discussion topics between ourselves.It is more difficult to get one–on–one help with concepts that I struggle with.It's made it a little harder to work with group members on the problems but I feel like the class has adjusted well.I personally find it much harder to learn math remotely and have been having some difficulty grasping concepts that I feel like I'd normally understand.It has changed the grading system in the class to consist of a quiz every week, which I do think was helpful in terms of engagement.I would not know what to comment because I am a freshman so I cannot compare it effectively.I am just a little disappointed we don't get to experience the fascinating labs in person.Little impact except slight delays in communicationIt has not affected it significantlyNot to my knowledgeI don't feel like it has had that much of an effect. Class is still moving at an appropriate pace with ample opportunity to talk get help when needed.Quality of discussions is lowerInteraction has severely decreased making questions and answers more complicated.Doing experiments remotely took some getting used to, but overall it hasn't been too much of a hassle.There is less opportunity for peer to peer discussion than I would've liked in a HUM class.Discussions are a little more awkward, but I think things are going well overall. I think this class was adapted to remote learning pretty well.Remote lectures were a little weird at first due to the pacing, but now things seem not too different from a normal in person class.I was a bit worried about the class being virtual but it's been a great experience so far.I was worried about taking a language class online but the professor has been great and I feel like I'm learning a lot.I think remote learning just makes everything harder.The canvas page is disorganized, so I was very confused about what was due and when early in the class.It's really tough not being able to collaborate with my classmates as I learn best when working in small groups.This class hasn't been impacted too much by remote learning as we can still have pretty normal discussions.It hasn't affected it too much as we can still have pretty normal discussions.The in–class sessions are difficult.Almost barely, office hours still exist but I'd rather not ask as many questions as I'd like to in a zoom with other students. Personal expectation and discomfort.I have had a good experience despite remote instruction. The discussions have been fluid despite being on Zoom, and the ability to see everyone in my class at once has actuallyhelped me gauge the "feel of the room" more.The discussion has definitely been negatively impacted by the remote instruction – not by fault of Dr. Marineau, but just by the nature of the instruction itself.I have had a hard time understanding some of the instructions for assignments given remotely.I have a harder time staying focused in an online environment, but other than that I do not have any difficuties with it.This class has been very engaging despite the virtual meeting environment. Zoom breakout rooms have allowed for a genuine discussion component.This class translates well to the online experience. I feel like it's fairly similar to what it would be like otherwise.Lectures over Zoom don't seem to be any less effective than in–person lectures, although the lack of a whiteboard is sometimes a problem.Because the class is about 25 people, it's been a bit difficult having a cohesive discussion where everyone can participate. It's also just been harder to focus and talk morecomfortably with people when you have to stare into a computer camera.Sometimes it's helpful to review recorded lectures to refresh myself on the material.The biggest effect of remote learning is that it's harder to follow lectures and discussion sessions when I'm not in the room with the professor and other students, and that'sdefinitely been the case in this class specifically. Otherwise, it's also more difficult than usual to study and collaborate with classmates.The class is a lot less immersive and engaging while online. All of our discussions are slightly stunted by digital communication because some people feel less inclined toparticipate when they're just looking at a screen.It feels strange having most things on online discussion boards.I don't know that I am getting the same level of instruction.I feel like I'm losing the motivation to study, since I can't physically be in class and can't use the library.Sometimes there are minor technical difficulties, but overall the class is going well.I feel like I can't enough out of the class, and I often feel extremely unmotivated to do work.It is extremely difficult to understand and follow Prof. Wagner's lectures over Zoom. He scrolls back and forth through pre–written lecture notes, making it very difficult to keep upwith him and take good notes. He also tends to mumble, which isn't helped by the muffled audio of Zoom and his microphone. Remote learning has also made it more difficult forme to study and collaborate with classmates.There's only one synchronous meeting each week, and due to the irregularity it's easy to forget that I have a synchronous meeting at all.Being a laboratory based course, all aspects of this class have been affected by remote learning. We've had to attempt to operate the experimental apparatus remotely, making itdifficult to know what we're doing or notice problems. Working with my lab group is more difficult than usual, as people are far apart and it is harder to pin people down. Lecturesfor the course are the most normal, but they are still harder to follow than usual. At the same time, however, it's clear that significant effort was put in to make the course as good as possible remotely, and that has made a big difference. Even though it's thecourse of mine that should be most negatively affected by remote learning, it's somehow going much better than my others.I really appreciate the easy rapport in the class that everyone has built together, but it's definitely been very strange giving and receiving feedback on each other's thesis projectsover Zoom.Not badly at all, I find it easy to keep up with the lectures and readingsnot muchOverall, this has made the class harder, as Mr. Sanderson's focus on weekly quizzes means that I have to regularly review my material, which can be quite challenging andstressful.Remote instruction has probably affected this class much more than all my other classes combined. It's been very strange taking an art class that is meant to be very physical andtactile but now doing it over Zoom. However, I appreciate Kurt's efforts to be inclusive of everyone's differing levels of familiarity with stage design and the resources that wecurrently have access to.overall there is no negative effectI don't have any in–person class to compare with, but it has been ok until now.I am enjoying the class due to the variety of homework assignments and class work we get. Ms. Avery does a great job of encouraging us to work together with our peers, furtherstrengthening our understanding of the material.Seems fine, don't really have a reference point to comment on in–person vs remote experienceNot muchI have really enjoyed this class, as we have had engaging discussions based on readings that we have done between classes.Video lectures to look back on help with comprehension, not sure if things would be better or worse than if it was in–person.Seems fine, maybe actually better discussion than in–person.It's made the class feel more mundane.I actually don't mind remote learning – I think it in some respects is more convenient. I don't think you get as much interaction with all of the instructors, but I do think that for thiscourse, they have given students ample opportunity to interact and meet them outside of class.I would have loved to be in person with my class because I think Pam has such a positive and engaging energy that I feel more connected to my classmates than I would in otheronline courses.n/aIt's made me feel less "connected" to my classmates as acquaintances.It is sometimes difficult to manage time.It's hard not having access to other students to work with as easily, but I really like how the office hours are super accessible!I enjoy the one–lecture–a–week schedule, it allows me more time in my schedule to figure out when I want to prioritize chemistryI have nothing to compare it to.I think it has gone well.I feel like remote instruction has given people more of an excuse to not come to class, and it's odd to be in a class with only five other people.Sometimes the internet connection is not stable, which usually takes me a long time to join the Zoom meeting. Other than that, everything is going well.Nothing is affected.Ogura Sensei is always available to help and the extra resources are readily available on the website. I definitely miss in person interactions, but I think this class is doing verywell considering the circumstances.I don't really know most people in my section which is a weird and awkward dynamic.Everything is good.less clarityI feel a bit more confident to answer questions in class since I'm not in person.I feel that remote learning is going smoothly.I think that it would have been really helpful to be in person for these because there are a lot of questions around the thesis process in general; however, A'ndre is always availablefor meetings outside of class and has been extremely extremely helpful through the confusion! I think the confusion is mainly because there isn't a standardized time acrossthesis seminar sections for when things are due. For example, I was chatting with someone in a different section who had to get all of their interviews done really early, so I feel abit behind now even though I have time to complete things. I just think that any clear guidance from the PBPL major administrators would be helpful or even giving us more time tocollect research considering the circumstances of the pandemic and the election coming up.Remote learning is going well so far.Everything is good.Without traditional labs I don't feel like I'm able to apply what we're learning.The Internet connection is sometimes unstable.Remote learning is working well so far.The class instruction gets less done as with such a big zoom and so many people asking questions, I feel we don't actually get to hear from the instructors.I think there would be easier interaction in an in person class.The mode of instruction on the written I–Pad is sometimes hard to follow.Lectures can be vey long and overwhelming especially if they are right after a quiz.I find that I'm less motivated, and speaking in class doesn't seem as natural as it does when we're in person.I'm definitely mad that I didn't get to take this class in person, but I think Zsofi did a really good job of splitting each aspect of the class so that it isn't overwhelming.I feel a lot less immersed in the class. I feel as though Professor Wilson's energy would be amazing to experience in the classroom, and would make me much more dedicated topaying attention.I wish this class had been in person. The discussions are very interesting and vibrant and I can only imagine how great they would be in person and the friendships that couldstem from them.Would be easier to have a discussion in person. Also, would really love access to the slides so that we have access to all of the images that Professor Cohen has already verifiedare really good that we could study from.I have two instructors instead of oneyou have to remember to raise your hand on zoom to speakI don't go to office hours as muchDue to remote instruction much of what would normally be experienced in this class is no longer possible. Many skills and hands–on opportunities had to be altered to suitremote learning.TAs are far less accessible and communication between professor, TAs, and students is very poor.We have fully asynchronous lectures and very few office hours. This makes this class extremely hard as you get at maximum 5 minutes of office hours per project. When I took OS,for example, a class of similar difficulty we had 10 times as many office hours and the TAs knew the project very well.Made the teaching design harder to followI can watch lectures asynchronouslybreakout rooms allow you to talk to more people in the class, not just those sitting next to youIt's harder to participate in group discussions because there isn't that aspect of human interaction that encourages it.It makes it harder to interact with other students but it is useful in being able to go back over lecture material multiple timesI don't feel like I'm learning a lot; it feels like we only briefly mention topics once and then are expected to fully understand them without any real context or practice. The labinstructions are incredibly confusing and the amount of stress and grading discrepancies between TAs can be overwhelming.Barely if at all. I think the course material translates well to remote learning. The biggest issue is attention/keeping focused.having to do labs from my roomharder to heardiscussions can be awkward due to the virtual nature of it; lots of people interrupting each other on accidentIt's actually been pretty helpful. I can spend as much or as little time on concepts as I need because I can always rewind the video if I don't understand something. Doing math thisway at my own pace has improved my experience with the subject overall. Also being remote has encouraged me to speak up more during our TA discussions when I havequestions, I think because it seems like you and the TA are the only persons in the "room".though it can definitely be less engaging, I have particularly enjoyed the class discussions so farNot too badly – the instructor and the class have adapted well to Zoom discussion.Not too much –– practising verbally is a little awkward, especially student breakout rooms, but I think it's going very well!It goes better than I expected. I think the instructor is quite helpful. But of course if there was no pandemic, I would prefer being in the class in person.Unfortunately, I feel like this a class that is much less enjoyable remote. Even though it is a little more lecture–based, Professor Bettencourt clearly wants more discussion butengagement is difficult under these circumstances (difficulty absorbing complex material, internet issues).It is ridiculously hard to learn chemistry over ZoomMost of what we do is asynchronous work, and there's little hands–on experience.Engagement is much much lower.Remote instruction has been incredibly ineffective for this class. The subject is too complicated to be taught effectively over Zoom. The "teaching" segment of the class takes theform of prerecorded lectures; the lectures are understandable, but the synchronous classes to the lectures deal with problems that are multiple degrees harder than theexamples in the prerecorded lecture. I wish he would include multiple in–class problems with varying degrees of difficulty that segway into the more complex problems.Potentially improved it since only one lecture is live!I hate remote instructionMostly I've watched lectures asynchronously (which I much prefer to synchronous lectures).the quiz process is difficult. Does not reflect entirely our knowledge of the course material.I honestly prefer doing French class in an online setting. It takes a lot less pressure on the students who feel nervous speaking and helps alleviate some stress.Sometimes my professor's pronunciation is difficult to hear over zoom, which can create some confusion.At first the flow of discussion was difficult because talking over people can happen often in zoom. However, we have established a good discussion system so that won't happenagain.For the most part, remote lectures are presumably giving a similar experience to in–person lectures, but the remote labs do not even feel like labs. Instead they feel like a secondproblem set.harder for interactionsRemote instruction (more specifically remote asynchronous lectures) make class time feel less valuable than they might have in personAll of the lectures are pre–recorded and class time is entirely devoted to practice problems and our labs are remote.deliver that to us, but having 500 people in a zoom meeting where we can only get through 3 slides for the hour period because people keep asking questions kinda counteractsthat. I also understand that this is the reason for a discussion section, but I personally am not getting enough guided practice from my TA.not much, very good experience in this classdiscussions over zoom are not the samechemistry is very hard to teach over the internetI feel like having both the option to speak and use the chats has helped my participation in this class compared to my pre–covid discussion classes.I think there is too little interaction with the instructor. The lectures are pre–recorded and there is only 50 minutes every week when you can actually interact.It is difficult to understand this topic, which is very new to me, without being able to interact with the professor in a classroom environment.We are still in the process of getting to know each other and feels hard to get ahold of one anotherRemote instruction fits well with this class.Getting to know people in class is more difficult and just having to have these long classes is a bit frustrating.So far the lectures have not been overly. Also, while I think Prof Tian's discussion of the reading help me understand the textbook better, Prof Engel I think would benefit from writingout what he is talking about or having more slides like Prof Tian does, currently it is sort of difficult to follow what he is saying and trying to explain.Discussion is very stilted, although we do our best.The remote instruction fits well with this class.The remote instruction has been going well for this class.Doing labs at home is not fun at all compared to the lab work I did in high school. Kind of hard to connect with classmates online also.It's hard to focus and pay attention during the lecturesI think prof. Hillis did a good job of combining pre–recorded lectures and interactions with the instructor. I would say the remote instruction is going very wellThe lectures are a bit confusing sometimes. It is quite easy to schedule time to work on labs and psets however.As an international student, adjusting to the time difference has been difficult.Going greatThis class is fully remote, so it's much harder to have discussions. It's not possible to see people's reactions or tell who is about to start speaking the same way as in a physicalclassroom, so it's hard to really get into discussions.It's hard to jump in during Zoom group discussion because it's really awkward when you start talking at the same time as someone else.Discussions aren't as organic over Zoom, but our professor does a good job of working with it and giving everyone many chances to speak.However, we only meet once a week for an hour and 20 minutes, so we haven't been able to do any writing workshopping. This makes it very difficult to work on writingassignments/the whole writing aspect of the class.There are are times when I'm not able to connect because my wifi connection is poor. Likewise, the homework assignments require connection to the remote desktop to useSTATA. For one of the assignments I lost my connection and was logged off before I had a chance to save my work.Classes are happening over zoom.Ozkan was great with remote learning and async class, but recently the switch to Makinen has led to technical difficulties and organization where I have not followed whatshappening in the last two classesNot at allOur lectures twice a week are always remote. Discussion sections once a week are also over Zoom. Labs are mixed – we've done one in person lab and the rest remote so far.The original course description said we would go to things in person, and even though I definitely knew going in that we wouldn't get to do that, it's still a little disappointing. I likewhen we watch performances for homework though, I really enjoyed Henry IV especiallyClasses are over zoom.The class is fully remote, and lecture time is used more for problem solving in small groups. Lectures are asynchronous. The online format makes it much harder to learn in thisclass.I think it is okay, nothing to complain about.It has not worsened the experienceFlipped classroomIt obviously limits the interaction with the professor, but that considered its going pretty well.It's harder to pay attention during lecture and discussions are more awkwardly set up, but besides that both Professor Maidhoff and Harini have done their best to instruct andengage us.At the beginning of the class, I struggled with keeping on top of all the asynchronous elements, as this is the first asynchornous zoom class I have taken. Once I got into the habitand rhythm of it though, it's been going very well. I think it might have helped to have class on the first day of class, instead of waiting for the first asynchronous discussion. Thatway we could put a face to everyone, and deal with syllabus questions ahead of class discussion.I don't feel like I really have a relationship with classmates/the professor.I mean, it's not a great environment, but I think I'm able to keep up. Definitely not reading as much as I have for past classes, though I don't know how much to chalk that up to myown ability vs the amount of stuff beingassigned.It has changed the dynamic of classroom conversation. Instead of active intercourse, discussions are held on canvas and questions can be responded to at ones leisure.It has made collaborating with my peers more difficult.The pre–recorded lectures make it more difficult to follow along since I can't ask questions immediately but the Zoom lectures remediate this a little bit.I think I would enjoy the class a lot more in person, but understand the clear limitations of it being a large lecture.It has made lessons slower paced and easier to understand. I can rewatch videos to make sure that I understood all the material.It has made going over lecture and attending weekly office hours difficult. When I signed up for this course, I wish I knew that lecture zoom sessions would occur every day after thescheduled lecture time. It has made attending them difficult, because I have classes right after the scheduled lecture time.I think the class is less dynamic than it could be were it in person.Due to different time zones and unrecorded lectures, it is not easy. Also, the professor disconnects every once in a while due to poor internet, which can make things confusing.What's more, the midterm will be taken at class time, which is painful due to time difference as that would be midnight where I am.It has made collaborating with students difficult, as several students are across different time zones, but what I appreciate is that Professor Shubin and TAs try to make the best ofthis situation.It's harder to understand what people are saying in conversation etc over zoomI feel like I spent much more time studying or reading than I do talking, which is unfortunate for a 200 level language class.Disconnected feel/approach. Learning is in hands of students, class time is utilized just to check understanding.Lectures are done recorded, via powerpoint and read from a paper.No affect. Took similar course with same instructor in person and is almost direct translation.teaching hasn't been up to speed, by that i mean, the use of class time has been quite slow and unproductive.It has not really affected the majority of the class, but it has caused some minor challenges in terms of discussion, particularly when it involves people with unstable wificonnections.Quite a bit, I can't spend as much time working with my peers to mutually improve each other's understanding of the material. But being in CLOC really helps.It has limited discussions and made engaging (and staying engaged) in discussions difficult.Asynchronous lectures have been neat.It has been hard to stay engaged during lecture. And I find that discussion is somewhat stunted or inhibited by Zoom in both lecture and the discussion sections.It's been OKnone– I think our discussions are running very well!Tough to get into lecture and participate the way that is expected for the course.I can't take notes very efficiently so I think I spend time both in and out of class practicing the material. However I am not sure that this wouldn't also be the case if classes were inperson.It can be hard to stay fully engaged for 3 hours on Zoom.not reallyMakes it difficult to appreciate finer points of the material in real time.It is a little odd but we make it work. I think its actually maybe even more helpful than when I had in person clic because we share screens to show each other how we worked.It hasn't!it hasn'tThe professor isn't super well versed with a virtual interface but that's no fault of his own nor of the class (It's actually quite endearing and we don't mind it at all)hasn't really affected it. I prefer in–person interactions with professors, but it's not a big issue.I do not believe that remote instruction has had a noticeable negative effect on the class. The only issue is that for our readings I would prefer a physical handout instead of a PDF,but I understand this is not doable with COVID–19.I really miss being able to have a discussion with the professor during the lecture.While it may be more difficult for conversations to flow over Zoom, Professor Norman has done an excellent job ensuring that the course is engaging and informative.Classes are understandably less engaging as so far there has been no demonstrations and many students are unwilling to participate in when discussing questions.Great flexibilityIt has made the learning largely independent, although I'm not sure if that's normal for this class because this is my first year.Not muchFeels less discussion based, much more awkward to ask questions.It has not affected it significantly.I feel like I would have been more engaged if our class discussions had been in–person, however, I am still really enjoying the class.I don't imagine that this class would be very different in personI feel like it would have been beneficial to see Mr. Sanderson draw the supply and demand graphs on a chalkboard.* I have struggled to keep up with readings and screenings, since I'm spending so much of my time on a computer as it is. Under normal circumstances this courseload would bemore reasonable, especially anchored around in–person meetings and lectures – but in an online situation I have found it difficult to stay focused and keep up.I like it far more better than in class,im always on timeIt has not affected it significantly.It's definitely harder to focus on longer readings since I'm already spending so much time staring at a computer screen. However, the requirements for this class have generallybeen really manageable.Not muchIt has made discussions not as comfortable.It has made focusing easier.It hasn't really affected my experience.I feel more anxious to speak via Zoom.Definitely made the concepts harder to grasp.To my knowledge, remote instruction has not heavily experienced my class experience. It would be nice to have the ability to go to galleries, but understandably this is not availabledue to COVID.Difficult to follow the lecturesHaving remote instruction has made it easy to review lectures and notes after the set meeting time which aids in doing the homework and studying for the tests.I really like how this class is structured and I think it transfers to remote instruction really easily.It has made it more difficult to have fluid discussions, but otherwise we've made it work.It is extremely overwhelming. The amount of canvas pages, modules, links, and other portals I have to juggle (perusall, flipgrid, zoom, etc) are making it very difficult to understandextremely basic assignments.Professor Norman has been extremely conscientious of the strange circumstances of the class. He has been responsive and extremely engaging, too. I really appreciate that(especially since this has not been the case in my other classes). I am happy I am in this class during these times!Remote instruction has really only made it difficult to have flowing conversations in class. Otherwise, everything has been fine.Since this class is in person, it's been really nice to speak with the rest of the class and the professor as well. It makes it much easier to learn.I feel less confident when talking in class discussions and less connected with everyone.I think it has made discussion easier. Part of our weekly discussion is in an online forum and it relieves some of the awkwardness that comes with seminar–style classes,especially over ZOom.It definitely changes what we get out of the class because there is less of an aspect of stage fright or embarrassment when you are alone in your room. Overall, I think it's a greatclass.Harder to focus for that long over zoomI find the class engaging even in a remote environment, and being on campus makes focusing on class easier. However, since students in the dorms going home forThanksgiving have to stay home until Winter quarter, it will be difficult to adjust to a new environment where I don't have reliable internet and there are many distractions.Definitely a lot of work, but it isn´t impossible.n/aJust feels a little less connected with everyone.harder to focus over zoom for 90 minutesI feel less connected with everyone in my class.Discussion is a bit more difficult, but I enjoy this class very much.Being in a such a big class fully remotely is quite difficult. We only have one synchronous lecture a week with 500 people in the zoom call, so it’s difficult to go through all thequestions that the students ask during the limited time of 40 minutes of the lecture. Most of this class is self–studying, which is fairly manageable at this point in the quarter, butit’s definitely going to get more difficult as the quarter progresses and the content of the class gets even harder.it's a little weird not interacting with everyone in person, but it still worksIt has been fine. I wouldn´t say it has been affected too much despite it being a class where lots of speaking is required.It's more difficult to get to know and interact with my fellow classmates, but overall I think this class has adapted well to an online format.I do not interact much with fellow classmates given that we all keep our video off in Zoom for bandwidth purposes, but apart from that I think the class has adapted well to anonline format.It's been okay overall, especially since I attend in–person labsNot that much. It is just really difficult material, but the class being remote hasn't made things better or worse.I find the class engaging even in a remote environment, and being on campus makes focusing on class easier. However, since students in the dorms going home forThanksgiving have to stay home until Winter quarter, it will be difficult to adjust to a new environment where I don't have reliable internet and there are many distractions.It hasn't really –– I feel that I've gotten the same value out of the class in terms of content than I would have in person. The one main difference is that there's less interactionbetween classmates.Less time to discuss books in person, but more time spent on forming good writing habitsThe Tuesday lectures are all pre–recorded and asynchronous (there's been one so far that wasn't, and because it was at a different time than is scheduled for this class, I couldn'tattend live) which I find frustrating because I think that learning from videos is much less valuable than attending a live lecture. The discussion experience has not been impactedtoo much by the remote environment.Less time spent discussing as a class, but I wouldn't consider this a bad thing. There are many other opportunities to discuss work with classmates.Being on campus makes focusing on class easier. However, since students in the dorms going home for Thanksgiving have to stay home until Winter quarter, it will be difficult toadjust to a new environment where I don't have reliable internet and there are many distractions.I feel less comfortable asking questions during class on Zoom than if it were in person.Since this class mainly focuses on coding and programming, the remote format does not really make it harder to study. However, the lack of synchronous lectures makes it moredifficult to communicate with the professors and ask for the clarifications on the material.I feel as though the whole thing is a self–study class. I think the professors are cool but they aren't able to shine and teach properly because it is such a zoom call. I haven't beenable to connect with the professors at all this semester.Professors Shaw and Ng have adapted the class incredibly well to a virtual settingThe class is going very well, despite being remote.We don't have the opportunity to perform lab experiments.Makes it harder to hear and understand in some places, although being able to watch old lectures is niceBecause it is a remote class, it is difficult to pay attention for such a long period of time.I find it more difficult to learn such advanced course material in this setting.I am very interested in this class, but it is much harder to stay attentive over zoom.class because it is on Zoom and because not very many people participate in discussions/answer questions. Also during class, it's harder for JB to explain what he's talkingabout because it's harder to see what he plays on the piano and sound is sometimes an issue.No measure for comparison.It is difficult to understand concepts and for proper feedback between professor and student.N/A The instructor has adapted very well to teaching in this environment.It has made things a lot more unclear and professor – student mutual feedback is lacking.Because it is remote, it has been difficult to ask questions and really connect with the TAs and professors.I find it difficult to understand advanced concepts from class.No measure for comparison.I feel pretty good in this class.The absence of labs makes the class less interesting/engaging since one can't apply concepts learned in class.It is harder to understand the pacing of this class, especially when there is a disconnect between PHYS 130 and PHYS 140 students.It is harder to understand the pacing of this class, especially when there is a disconnect between PHYS 130 and PHYS 140 students.It feels like a less interpersonal experience.No measure for comparison.I think it's a little harder for me to jump into our discussions on Zoom than it has been for me to speak up during in–person discussions in previous classes. But other than that Ithink the class has translated very well to a remote format!It has been difficult to fully understand all the concepts discussed in class.I find it harder to participate.Because of the remote instruction, it is difficult to ask questions during class.Even remotely, we are able to have meaningful discussions about the course content. The remote format does not significantly disrupt the usual learning process in this class,which is nice.The lectures online are not as engaging, my favorite part of this class is the in person instruction.Prerecorded lectures are sometimes hard to keep up with, and asking questions over Zoom feels more intimidating than it does in person.goodI find it harder to take notes in class. I feel kind of lost in the class.it has not, honestly. besides the lack of friend interactions, i have enjoyed remote classesgoodIt has been terrible. Ive been having to self teach everything by myself and the once a week synchronous is not helpful at all. Also the labs online are not working at all, it is justbusy work.goodVery little, I think! I listen to the lectures and do the problem sets, basically, and it's going well.I think Prof. Veeder has done a really good job teaching this course onlineI think that the class has stayed quite similar except for the fact that assignments have changed to work better in the remote format.The lecture portion of the class has not been significantly affected. However, the labs are a bit strange (perhaps a little easier).I don't think this class has been significantly impacted by remote learning.Very little in my opinion, although it's hard to sense the difference that Zoom makes in a class where we're supposed to be discussing often and picking up on subtle socialcommunication cues that I may not be able to articulate well here.I don't think this class has been significantly impacted by remote learning.The asynchronous nature works very well.Very little in my opinion, although it's hard to sense the difference that Zoom makes in a class where we're supposed to be discussing often and picking up on subtle socialcommunication cues that I may not be able to articulate well here.Personally, I believe math is best taught in person. Taking this class online has made it more awkward to ask questions and more awkward for Santiago to teach. The clarity of thelessons is reduced by zoom.Very little in my opinion, although it's hard to sense the difference that Zoom makes in a class where we're supposed to be discussing often and picking up on subtle socialcommunication cues that I may not be able to articulate well here.It has been a sufficient alternative to in person education.The instruction has been sufficient, and so being online has not had a significant impact.It has been a little bit weird, because it operates more like a flipped classroom. We watch lectures before class and the class time is used as an "office hours" of sorts.The remote instruction is not different than in person.It has made discussions slightly more disjointed.Discussion–based classes should always be in person.Some connectivity issues, having a hard time focusing on the lecturesThe lectures are not exactly informative, possibly because of the online format. Prof. King is just going through the textbook one theorem at a time, which makes me questionwhether it is even worth going into synchronous lectures if i can go through the material the same way on my own. For that reason, it is kind of hard to pay attention in class.all the lectures are virtual and asynchronous, but we still do group workAll lectures are asynchronousI am able to go over the recordings after class to make sure I understand the material, and everything is uploaded digitally so I can learn the material at my own pace.I guess it hasn't really affected things, and I think that's because of the structure of the class. Since it's about literature, there's not much else you can do besides discussions onwhat you're reading, and so far, I think it's been fine.Lectures are synchronous on zoom mostly, if not videos are posted to watch before hand.Difficulty focusing, less flow in group dicussionsThe pre–uploaded course materials allow me to learn the information at my own pace, and the synchronous sessions are helpful to solidify the material.I don't think it has made much of a difference because this class is largely based on reading. The classes are almost entirely discussion, so I doubt it would be much different ifwe were in person.It has impaired my ability to focus in discussions and lectures.The pre–recorded lectures allow me to learn the material at my own pace. Also, the weekly discussion posts ensure that I am reading the pieces thoroughly and forming my ownthoughts on them.No.Harder for me to focus on taking notesIt has improved the availability of resources, actuallyIt has made it more difficult to understand new concepts and have enough practice.The asynchronous lectures are much longer than a normal lecture.I think it's prevented me from discussing the thesis process with other students, for sure.The lectures and in–class assignments feel like they're not very well thought out.It has made learning the concepts extremely hard.I think the workload is a little too demanding. We often have two read about 100 pages in two days, I rarely find the time to read in between my other homework.I think it feels strange to have discussions on canvas, I'd much rather discuss things like lectures, module questions, and homework over a short call with people in my sectionbut am unsure if they would be willing.Harder to remember discussion post deadlinesIt is at times difficult to focus since this is my third class of the day, but other than that, remote instruction has been alright for this class.I feel that discussion is limited because talking over zoom just isn't the same as being in person. Our discussions are really slow but based on the content of what is said I feellike this must just be a function of the zoom format, not the fact that we seemingly have nothing to say.With the it being remote it has made it hard to ask the professor questions during a lecture, but the TA's are doing an amazing job at trying to help with that by answering questionsin the chat.Yes. I feel like it is more difficult to focus and it is harder to teach the ideas without a chalk board.It's a bit harder to get invested in the material.It has enabled me to take this class alongside another course that meets at the same time.It's a little difficult to access the teacher and get to know my classmates. Also, it's hard to know if I'm doing the right thing on a written assignment because I don't have anyone tocheck with. I absolutely adore Prof Meidenbauer, so it's definitely not on her – I just think remote instruction makes teacher availability more difficult in general.It's a little difficult to get to know my classmates and focus on the material, but it hasn't been all that bad.Practicing another language would go so much better if we could see each other face to faceIt's been pretty difficult to learn calculus remotely, especially at this late at night. Professor Munoz Munoz has done his best to teach despite this, and I absolutely love his teachingmethod.No significant effectsThis class has helped my understanding of chemistry quite well, but it's difficult to stare at the screen for 2 hours straight without any breaks.Extremely difficult to focus & participate in class remotelyLess engaging and interactive.It's less fun and engaging.Remote instruction has made reaching my profs and TA almost impossible, which has made individual work extremely difficult. I also feel immensely underprepared for themidterm and all labs, because I feel as though we have never had proper training for them.It actually hasn't been affected that much, it is a pretty stable class.The lectures are dense and a little hard to follow for as long as the classes are.The lectures are little disengaging and hard to focus on.I think it is much easier for me to sit through a three hour class remotely since I can stretch, walk around to regain focus while still listening to the lecture/discussion. Also we canquickly grab lunch during the break while this wouldn't really be possible in person.professors were looking forward to these changes as they believed it would significantly improve the course. Having taken the course for almost half of the quarter, I am so glad toexpress my belief that they were right––even more than the instructors themselves may realize. In my perspective, the laboratory experience of CHEM 11100 in Autumn 2020represents one of the most beneficial adaptations to a class I could imagine during the time of remote learning. The agency these assignments give students to develop theirskills in chemistry research and build exposure to the literature of new fields may greatly surpass the level of knowledge and skills to be gained from in–person labs in any otherquarter. If anything, this change towards online lab assignments, building upon each other to form in–depth research training and application of chemistry knowledge relevant tothe chapters, are transforming remote learning into a strength for STEM education at the University of Chicago. While the labs may have begun with unclear or inconsistent sets ofinstructions, the professors were highly understanding and fair; their handling of these challenges demonstrated genuine concern for the success of students in this course.No complaints.No complaints.It makes language practice harder but the experience is already better than last quarterProfessor Roark is a good teacher, but it can be hard to get much out of his recordings because they move quickly and it can just be tough to focus. Psets have been good.I think it's being going as well as it couldLimits Hands–on ExperiencesSometimes, it's a little more difficult to have a full class conversation.It has been hard to understand what is going on the class, as he seems to struggle with it being online. You can see that he is definitely trying to learn and make it better.–Class moves very quickly but is shortI don't knowIt's definitely more difficult than in person would be but it's manageable.This class works well with the lecture online so it has not been hindered too much.Recorded lectures are well done and interesting. Guiding through the slides has been very helpful.–Negatively affects discussion. Students just raise their hands and speak one after the other with little relationship to others' comments, so not much dialogue occurs around thetexts.I think just,,, zoom exhaustion. But it's not so big a problem with the breaks we get throughout the seminar.It hasn't affected me much. It can sometimes be easier with remote learning since I can rewatch lecture videos.Not too muchA little harder due to lack of in person interactionNo hands–on lab experienceProfessor Rand does a good job using the flipped classroom format to give clear, edited instructions while also providing time for in–person Q&ANot too much; just makes participation a little harderRemote instruction has greatly improved my experience in this class due to the availability of professors to answer questions and dedication of students to learn the materialthrough collaboration. Problem sets contain well–constructed questions relevant to the weekly video lectures and notes. Office hours (weekly 3–4 hour windows of time) haveenabled students from a variety of time zones to fully participate in the course and access help when needed. With high regularity in the schedule, course expectations are clearlyoutlined for students, which I have found to be beneficial.Yes, Pedro often still includes videos that instruct us to "talk to the person next to us for 30 seconds," etc. We have also been required to perform experiments long distance whichis by necessity but also uses resources we haven't been taught, so it's a little annoying.People tend to not participate in class as much as they might in a real–life setting. Additionally, it's sometimes hard to tell what's been assigned and what's due, since all theinformation is online.The course is asychronous.I am really having trouble concentrating at home.Very negatively. Difficult to concentrate/work outside of class.Prof Reppy really wasn't prepped for any of the remote elements of class. Class lectures are being sent out late every week, to the point that the due date for week 3's lectureswent by before Reppy got the last 3 videos for it uploaded.Very negatively. I keep falling behind due to familial obligations. Also, I cannot reach out for help from peers easily.Very badly. I cannot collaborate with classmates. I feel very isolated doing this difficult work at home (my sister is 6 years old). My school and home environments clash.There are pros and cons in the remote instruction mode, as we might be constrained our ability to effectively and efficiently communicate with the professor.It's made it much more difficult to learnIt's difficult to learn remotely.I think this course is really well suited for a virtual format, and while it would be nice to have in–person discussions, the flexibility allowed through the online format has been amajor plus.It's harder to focus remotely.My experience is still very positive overall. There doesn't seem to be much communication between students–it's more of a student–teacher communication, but that isn't really anegative.Not much! Professor Heltzer has done a great job with the remote instruction.I've found that the "raise hand" function makes it somewhat easier for me to participate as someone who can get intimidated by in–person discussions at timesI like asynchronous learningHard to get up for, hard to work with groups without seeing their work and sharing can take up extra timeI've been having a tougher time staying engaged during discussion than I think I would have in–person.Not very much.Small group sessions have gone super smoothly because of the simplicity of the breakout session format as well as ease of access to a shared Google DocI like that I can rewatch lectures, this helps me understand the material better.I like that I can rewatch lectures, this helps me understand the material better.The virtual format has made class activities & breakout rooms run really smoothly, and the online activities that we do outside of class really help reinforce vocabulary andconceptsIt is as good as it can be considering the circumstances.I really appreciate this class being synchronous because I miss talking to classmates and professors.It is as good as it can be considering the circumstances.In general, I think it's been a bit difficult to learn from Professor Roark's PowerPoint presentations even though he clearly knows his stuff.It is as good as it can be considering the circumstances.It is as good as it can be considering the circumstances.When reading assignments are due can be unclear, the once–a–week lectures are very very messy as the teacher just races through the information while students are trying toread the chat and ask questions. Asking a question in the chat can put you behind on what he is saying in the lecture, and the lectures are so short it feels like he talks about sucha small fraction of the material.I think the interactive nature of the class lends itself less nicely to the online learning environment.This class has been amazing and insightful even in the online format! I absolutely love this class, and while having class discussions over Zoom is different than havingdiscussions in person, the use of Zoom features, such as the chat, allow everyone to participate freely in the exchange of ideas surrounding these texts.I wish that we could have more interactions with Professor Norman. It kinda just feels like we're floating through the course because he only exists as an internet recording. Theasynchronicity is nice, but finding some way to talk to us, maybe by joining discussions sometimes, would make things feel more real.I would also like it if the course didn't feel so student–led, because we are the ones presenting in discussions and answering each other's questions. Our TA's could help explainthe difficult concepts more rather than resorting to students' explanations to answer each other's questions.It really hasn't, the remote lectures are going well.I really appreciate having synchronous discussions with Professor Veeder and my classmates. Makes things feel more normal. Attending class has been the one thing I lookforward to during this weird time. I also really appreciate that Professor Veeder records each lecture, as I like to go back and listen to them. This is a valuable tool for showing us how to go about analyzing a text. Ifthere's any way we could download the files onto our computer (maybe uploading them to modules?), that would be very nice, since we could then keep the recordings for futurereference even after the Canvas page is taken down at the end of the quarter.okay, wish lab section was in personIt has made discussion a bit harder, but otherwise it is good.sometimes hard to focus, office hours not the best with so many people sometimesIt has probably doubled my work load. The mastery grading systems means that I'm constantly retaking quizzes, and it's just diminishing my confidence as a student.okay, it's nice having small groupsnot reallyN/ARemote instruction has just decreased the amount of discussion time, other than that I think the class would pretty much run the same.I think remote learning has caused a lack of familiarity with the material.Remote instruction has just made the class less personal. I don't really have a connection with the professor, TA's , or classmates, but it's quite impossible to achieve that sort ofclassroom environment online.technical issues with internet connectionnot muchharder to stay on topThe material of the course keep me engaged and as a whole I really like this class, but Zoom fatigue/staying on call for a long period of time can make it hard to focus.It's a little hard to stay focus and there have been a few minor technical difficulties.It's a little hard to focus at times, but other than that remote learning has not been that big of an issue.Dr. Hunter has done a fantastic job organizing Canvas and made all of the assignments very clear. Zoom classes are fine as well and there have only been very minor technicalissues.I'm new to the subject of computer science. I've been going to a lot of core tutor sessions to complete my assignments, but I feel like I am absorbing very little.More difficult to concentrate at timesClass has been shortened, so depth of discussion is a lot less thorough. I find creative writing class to generally cultivate a comfortable environment where you get to knowclassmates well, but that hasn't really been able to happen this quarter.The remote doesn't really affect anything... it just makes it harder to learn R.UnsureThe zoom fatigue makes it a bit difficult to concentrateAlthough it is sad not to get in–person discussions, overall I think this class has worked well remotely.While it is sad not to have in–person discussions, I think this class has been going well!Remote instruction has not affected my experience.UnsureUnsureI do wish it was in–person; but I feel like the course adjusted well to being online.UnsureIt is difficult to learn math online compared to in person.Remote instruction has not affected my experience.Things are a lot more tedious and cumbersomeIt is so so so hard to understand what answer Sanderson wants. It would be better if maybe we had in person classes.All goodAll goodIt's fine.A littleThe instructor is not very familiar with technologies, which affect the progress a little.It's made it a lot more difficult to collaborate with my peers, but luckily since it's the fourth class in a sequence we already know each other decently well.This class is not as engaging and I'm absolutely sure it would be easier to follow and understand what was going on in this class in person. I am struggling. I do not have goodFi, and the lectures are not uploaded so there is no way for me to review them. The readings are broad and largely biased; they jump around between periods as well. In class,it would be much better if we just went through the reading. The midterm is next week, and I have no idea where to start with studying; I have no idea what to read or review. Wehave no information and the midterm has not been discussed at all in class or in Discussion. Professor Alitto seems extremely nice and knowledgeable, but the current format of the course is not working. I truly wish I could have the opportunity to take the class in person.It has made it harder to keep up with things that are due / keep up with the lecture content.Less of a sense of community between students as there isn't much opportunity before or after class to meet one another; teacher's connection drops out periodically, but thishasn't been too major of an issueI don't think I'm as motivated to partake in class activities or rigorously read the course material before class, possibly related to the remote/virtual learning transition.The class consists of three presentations by students and Q&A session afterhand. A full three–hour seminar seems to bring physical and mental fatigue to the fellow students.While I prefer in–person classes, the lectures being recorded has been very helpful.Yes, because most of the class is asynchronous it is difficult learning information.I don't think remote instruction has changed how I engage with the class, its material or with the professor/TAs.I feel like the conversations we could have in person would be a lot more interesting and a little less awkward.Other than a bit of procastination, remote instruction has not changed how I engage with the class, my classmates, or with the professor/TAs.Sometimes, it's hard focusing during online classes but the ice breakers before each session help make me present in the class.Hard time focusing; having an agenda helps.Remote learning had made the class experience relatively tough.Remote learning has made the class alright.Remote instruction puts a barrier on me collaborating with classmates, communicating with TAs, and asking direct questions to the professors. Not that these are impossible todo, but remote instruction inevitably makes reaching out to people in an inconvenient and discouraging way.Not much; I took CHEM 11300 last quarter remotely, and this class is very much like that one in terms of the format. I have not encountered major problems following this course.I lost the chance to talk to classmates after class and make friends with them and the time to talk to the instructor more.I think discussion in person would be more organic and enjoyable, but I still think I have learned a lot of interesting things and participated in interesting discussions.I find this mode of instruction particularly disadvantageous for seminar classes, and sometimes it's hard to say something as people talk with or without raising their hands.It is challenging to participate in a 60 person class. I am unsure how the structure of the class would be different if this were conducted in person.It's not as fun as it would be in person I think, but it's a great class regardless, so it's going okay remotely.Discussion is not as organic as it might be in person, but I think this class translates pretty well remotely.A bit less engaging doing recorded lectures, but it is SO NICE being able to go at my own pace through lectures, whether it be faster or slower. It's nice to breeze through bits thatare more familiar and repeating segments that are confusing.I feel more disconnected, but I like the efficiency of watching recorded lectures and being able to speed them up/slow them down when I need to.Discussions are slightly more difficult to arrange but the class is nonetheless stimulating.Since the class relies on listening to music, remote learning has made the transitionary smoothly.Everything is going wellI find that I spend so much time on this class, as lecture times are now filled with in class activities, and we have to watch lectures on top of attending every sessionIt has been challenging to participate during class.It has made it very challenging in getting the help I need to understand the material.YesIt is a bit difficult to keep up with the content of the lectures because they move quickly – this usually isn't the case with in person lectures.The only difference is having a lab in person vs on our own is difficult. I am not the best with computers/software and sometimes I make small errors while doing the labs whichresult in large errors in the data etc, and being on my own rather than in a group of people makes it take a really long time for me to spot the error and correct it, whereas in anormal in person lab it would usually be a ten second question.Remote instruction has pushed me to be more proactive and adopt a more effective approach to my learning progress.It's obviously different not to be in person, but I think that Prof. Murugan has done a really excellent job of transferring the material to the online format.It would definitely be easier to study in person, but I think professor Rudenko has done a very good job with the recorded lectures and with providing space for questions inperson.Less interactive labs but they're still very interesting; they're doing the best with the resources availableRemote instructions mean that I always have to option to opt out and watch the recorded lectures, which is an alluring option. This has been an issue that I've been trying toovercome so as to improve my ability to pay attention to the meetings.I have trouble fully engaging with the material in an online format. This is a personal problem that I am trying to address.It hasn't really changed how in–class discussion works so I feel as if the online portion leaves this class unaffected; it works well on ZoomThe teacher is trying her best to give us feedback but it still is hard. This class is as best as it can be considering the circumstances.It hasn't affected it in my opinionI find it more difficult to pay attention, and more difficult to interject/participate vocally. I think I am more easily overwhelmed by quantities of reading, and less likely to reach out toinstructors or peers for help.I feel like I have more flexibility with this class being remote.The class works well in an online environmentI feel like I am getting a good experience with this class. It may have been better in–person for the sake of bonding with peers, though the weekly discussions sort of makeup forthat.I feel like in a way it has made me participate less and it get kind of awkward when we are in the zoom. The discussion aspect of this class makes it hard to participate and stayengaged in class because it's zoom. The teacher is doing the best she can considering the circumstances.I understand how it is necessary to go to class to work through and understand the material, but making attendance mandatory with few exceptions can be hard.The lectures/discussions have just been differentNot muchHarder to connect with peers when they are not physically there with you, but I am less anxious about speaking in class because I am not physically there.It is difficult to have more in depth discussions.The lectures are less in depth and there are less practice problems during class. The class has to make up for filling lecture topics.Less engaging, and professor teaching style is less comprehensive. Lack of chalkboard and in person takes away labs and demos that help with understanding.less interaction with peersThe professors are still really nice, but I’m not sure if they’re actually helping in terms of instruction. When it comes time to do homework or problem sets I always find that it takeshours longer than it should just because I have to find videos or other resources online to help me understand content.Yes – the inability to ask questions/for clarification in lecture is increasing the amount of extra time I need to put in to be able to understand the content. Additionally, since thelecturer isn't using time in lecture to respond to questions or concerns, they are able to cover more content more quickly making it very easy to fall behind.Remote instruction is good in general since the professor has recordings and notes posted online, which makes it easier to catch if I didn't follow something, but she doesn't postanswer keys, so it takes longer during office hours to answer everyone's questions, this became really inefficient, so I really wish she posts the answers.I feel like the discussions we are having are very productive and engaging despite the class being remote.It has been harder to concentrate but it is okay.The professor often has technical difficulties that take up class time.I do feel like remote instruction makes all science courses harder to teach in general. I don't have the same ability to work with my peers or engage with the professor.I feel like remote instruction has not affected my experience in the class, as we have gotten many speakers to come in and speak to our class. If anything, I feel like reemoteelearning may be bringing this class to life by having us meet some of the people we are reading about.Surprisingly, I've found remote classes to be substantially better than in–person classes. This is awesome!NoneIt has notIt has notIt has not affected my experienceYes, but the inconvenience came from the time difference as an international student.It’s not as argumentative or interactive as it might’ve been otherwise.On one hand, due to the time difference, I am sorry that I cannot take part in the synchronous class, especially the experimental discussion class. On the other hand, the recordingprovides a more flexible choice of time for me. I can watch the video every time I want, and I can let it pause or repeat if I find something unclear. It's pretty good!I don’t think remote instruction has affected my experience very much for this class save for the fact that zoom has a slight delay so class discussions can be strange.It hasn't reallyHard to communicate with study groups, but it is otherwise good.The class is running very smoothlyI think overall it has been fine but studying at home around the countless distractions caused by family members has been especially hardThe remote instruction of this class hasn’t affected my experience much.Discussions with others plays an important role in learning comp sci. Doing this class remotely inhibits discussions among students. Also, it's hard to form study groups /collaborate with others.Not too much, but I would prefer reading paper texts and in–person classes.Not much. But I strongly prefer in–person classes.By quite a lot, I think that the my experiences in humanities classes are especially affected in a remote setting due to the mechanical mode of interaction.Not muchIt's difficult to participate as much as in–person classes, but the professor tries hard to incorporate everyone.noOverall, it has improved my learning experience. Having the opportunity to go over the recorded lectures once more after class has been a huge advantage, especially for hardertopics that take me more time to understand.YesIt's hard to participate enough in class because there's so much material to cover and because it is online.– it hasn't; prof. Mennatallah Khalil pays attention to all of us on Zoom and makes sure to give space to everybody to contribute to the discussionHarder to interact with prof/build relationships with peersHarder to focus on completing the BA project. Karlyn is great.It hasn'tIt has made it much more difficult to motivate myself to stay engaged and complete all of my work. I find it much easier when I am physically in a classroom and have resourcesdirectly available to me.I don't think it has.just think I learn better when the instructor, students, and resources are available physically as opposed to virtually.It hasn'tnot reallyOverall, the course goes quite well. I think I haven't been affected very negatively due to the remote learning.I have to stay up late for the synchronous meeting.We haven't done much speaking practice, and that may be due in part to having one "breakout room" partner per class – there are very few opportunities to speak with multiplestudents, and I can tell that is hindering the development of my speaking skills.It has not affected my experience in this class.It has not affected my experience.It has not affected my experience.I cannot attend the class to discuss or ask questions in real–time due because of the time difference, but the recorded lecture is clear enough for me to understand most of thecontents.It allows me to go at my own pace to an extent, although it limits the space for asking questions. Also, Zoom makes discussion sections a bit harder/more awkward.We lose some class time to technical difficulties. It also makes most students more shy to ask questionsThe online lectures are fine, I wish there were more discussions in the class about how to do the problems similar to the ones we face on the homework and quizzes.I don't know if I'm *always* as engaged as I should be in lectures, which is probably why we spend a lot of class time working on problems, but I still feel like I'm following along.Being able to go through the video materials on 2x speed is nice, though.Not much.I feel like I have to spend more time doing readings, watching lecture videos, and trying to understand the concepts than I would if the class was in person and I could easily askclarifying questions.I tend to watch most of the lecture recordings and read the textbook whenever I find the time.Made it harder to focus and keep things interestingProf. Ciesla is trying his best to present us the course in a way that is no different than the in–person class.By learning the content in my own pace and then discussing it with theinstructions of Prof. Ciesla helped me better understood most of the topics. Also, by giving us many time options for the class meetings, Prof. Ciesla helped a lot to the studentslike me who are in a farther time zone than US.I can get distracted sometimes, but that's my own fault. I'm not really a fan of remote instruction, but that's more the Pandemic's fault.Made participation and interest much harderIt's harder to participate in and contribute to fruitful discussion.It's harder to stay focused and keep up with required reading (due to lack of actual contact and the time difference).It's harder to focus, and it's also harder to find the gaps in my own knowledge because of that. It's also hard to attend office hours due to the time difference.Made it harder to learn, but I am not sure if this is just because math is harder in college.Not being able to have in–person discussions in a Humanities class really hurts the experience.Made speaking skills in Japanese harderI really like the ability to re–watch lectures. I hope that some form of recorded lectures stay in place post–pandemic.is spent on the course content.Negatively.I believe this is the most affected course due to it being a language learning class. I am able to learn the class content, yet pronunciation exercises, learning the alphabet, etc. arehard since we hear the voices through microphones or seeing the instructor from the screen.Positively. Because there is just so much material to cover, having the recording and the lecture slides on Canvas is a good way to follow the coursework in the time which Iallocate to them.The flow of the discussions are not natural. The Zoom environment makes it hard to participate in the conversation.Remote instruction is going okay. The instructor is sometimes attempting to make a class interactive through the use of breakout rooms. Although I like the idea of it, I do not thinkit is particularly effective. I would prefer if the professor would talk slower and spend more time explaining the material than have us work on practice problems in breakout rooms.Very terrible: I have learned nothing at all because it is virtualThe instructor is great. Lectures are very effective.this class, unlike my econ class, is going exceptionally well in an online format. Discussions are much easier to approach in a zoom format compared to economics classeswhich are based around lecture and problem setsThis class is also going exceptionally well.Remote instruction limits interactions a bit, but Professor Spanos keeps us engaged.nonenone.Decreased how much attention I pay to each discussionSimply put, chemistry should be taught directly with lessons that instruct students on the subject and how to exactly solve problems. Remote classes are too loose, putting anexpectation in the students to learn new concepts by themselves and never actually understand them properly. Also, everything is rushed. Two weeks to learn a chapter that inother instances, would take months to understand is just overkill. Moreover, one lab per week is just too much. I end up writing around 2000 words each week when I took 6months to write my 4000 words IB Extended Essay.It has made it harder to feel a connection to the professors, and seems to have made everything much more hectic and confusing than it would have been otherwise. It seemsthere is a lack of communication.Labs have become more difficult to organize and office hours are more difficult to attend.I think the discussions are less free flowing over Zoom.I am able to review content more easily because it is all recorded.The remote format has had a negative impact on the class.Sometimes the professor struggles to share his screen.Sometimes the online Canvas quizzes do not display the image needed for the problem.The class is completely asynchronous except for lab section.We have one synchronous lecture and one asynchronous lecture per week.We don't have a class; we have one half–hour Zoom call a week. I don't feel like I'm getting much out of the courseIt has not affected it much, since we have been split into small groups. There is enough individualized attention.It is always hard to draw remotely but I think this class is doing the best it can in the circumstances.I think remote learning has not affected this class that much.The remote lectures are sometimes awkward. The in class activities are sometimes hard to do, particularly the one with the crossing over chromosomes.lack of communications with classmatesI think the shortened class time is really critical because I am able to pay attention much better.While Zoom makes conversations more awkward, I don't think it's had a huge impact on this type of class.This is my only class with some aspect in–person, and it is really highlighted just how insufficient zoom classes are. I think this class, which is synchronous but relies moreheavily on breakout zoom sessions, probably is my class that has transitioned into zoom the best.YesGoing remote has not really affected my experience –– still really enjoying it.It's made it a bit harder to focus on the material.Has not really affected my learning.Discussion classes are more awkward remotely than lecture classes, generally. I find it can be hard to interact and participate in large group discussions.Remote instruction in this class has been through and very detailed. I am not left with many questions after receiving instructions about assignments or lectures.Much harder to focus and listen to other people share. It also makes it a lot harder to share myself and I know my participation grade is lower than it should be by this point.It's harder to feel focused on the material.It has affected it in many ways. Due to the fact that this class in remote, it makes students rely on the fact that exams & quizzes are open book/note. I think more time is needed forclass, in particular exams and quizzes.The remote instruction has not affected my experience in this class.Remote instruction has made it a bit more difficult to participate freely in class and have a lively discussion about the readings that are assigned. However, because of certainZoom functions, students are still able to ask questions and participate.Remote instruction has altered a lot of the discussions that occur in the class, limiting the amount of spontaneity that could occur when discussing the reading. However, the waythe class is structured still offers critical thinking to occur.It has made it easier for people to work together and see each others work.I think it's made it more difficult to focus on lectures that are recorded. Sometimes the lectures go rather fast so I have to watch them in slower speeds and it ends up taking morethan 1.5 hrs. TA and prof are awesome, very responsive, and the Problem Sets are not too difficult and a good opportunity to practice and extend our learning.It's difficult to go to office hours because of time differences.It makes it hard to concentrate and it adds a lot to the workload which makes it hard to keep up.It makes it a bit harder to understand concepts taught in class since the professor can't write on the board. It would be helpful to see graphs,illustrations,etc.Usually, I have trouble focusing, but the lectures in this class are really well done. I also find the discussion papers and reading to be engaging. The flipped class structure works.It is a little harder to focus and to motivate myself because I feel I am spending a lot of time on the computer, but I don't think that that is a problem with this particular class somuch as with remote instruction in general.It is a lot of work because reading and writing online is more difficult. Discussions are also hard.Much more difficult to have a group of people to discuss ideas with because there is not a section on canvas that lists others in the class. Lack of discussion section makes itdifficult to participate outside of the discussion posts.The class does not meet synchronously enough, in my opinion.It is very difficult to participate in discussions over Zoom, but the lectures are fine.I have a hard time focusing during remote lectures.The lectures are good.It has made it harder to connect with my classmates outside of class. It has also made class discussions a bit more awkward and less fluid but I don't think it has detracted fromthe quality of the discussion/class.I'm having a harder time connecting to my TA because I haven't spoken with her one–on–oneI have to rely on zoom recordings because the live class occurs too late at night in my timezone.I feel less inclined to ask questionsWe usually meet once a week split into two discussion groups, and do class asynchronously once a week.Hasn'tIt is more difficult to be involved in conversations or to make more casual commentsThe canvas page for the course is a little disorganized and makes it very difficult to find the information and resources I need.I believe remote instruction has made the experience in this class worse.The class is completely asynchronous, except for lab sessions on Wednesday.It's made it difficult to stay focused during classNot in any significant way.It has affected our instruction fairly little – this seminar style of class is similar both in–person and online.I really dislike the remote format. I know that this is no fault of the department or the instructor, but I think that the remote format is not conducive to language learning. I think we geta lot less speaking practice than we would in a normal in–person class. We also spend a lot of the class sharing screen/going to breakout rooms/ etc instead of actually learning.Class discussions are harder to participate in since I can't see most of my classmates' faces and I feel less comfortable talking over Zoom.It is a little bit difficult to feel comfortable discussing in this online class, since students are more reluctant to participate.Remote instruction has affected my experience fairly little.Labs have been made much more difficult by the remote format. I understand that this problem is unavoidable to some extent, but it nevertheless is making coursework verydifficult.this is a language class which requires lots of active participation which is obviously easier in person.I struggle to find time to watch all the lecture videos since there is no designated class time. Also, there is no schedule for when the lectures are posted.It has made the workload very different than I think it would be in a regular quarter.It hasn't really affected my experience.The screenings we have to do are all remote so we don't get the same experience as we would if in person. Overall, it is not that bad.It's harder to ask the professor for helpI don't like that everything is entirely asynchronous. It makes it too easy to fall behind in the lectures and readings. Also, it makes the lectures take far longer than they should,because of the ability to pause and go back, which I don't think is time being accounted forlecture content and capabilities in using STATA. This is not a critique of the TAs, but rather an issue with how the online format makes the lab setting difficult.I wish the class were in person, however online class is going really well and I like it a lot.We rely a lot on recorded videos, which are really helpful! Since class is conducted through Zoom, collaboration on problems can get a little awkward in the breakout rooms, andit's a little harder to communicate how we arrived at an answer or show our work through the camera.This class has been okay remotely, largely because we are doing all of our work on the computer anyway. I think classes could be recorded in advance and just posted as lecturevideos but it is somewhat nice to be able to be "in class" and ask questions, etc., but sometimes it can feel like a waste of time when you just want to learn the lesson.I feel as though if it were in person I would have a better grasp on the material and not feel so lost all the time.Class–time is limited to a pretty brief overview of a lot of reading done outside of class, and as a result, feels less informative. Also, labs have of course been forced to change toaccommodate remote learning.Not much.Discussions over zoom are a little less engaging.More difficult to engage in discussion.Yes–we are doing online labs instead of in person, and the number of lectures has decreased.Not quite sure how much –– it's definitely been harder to do discussions in a remote environment as we are dependent on Dr. Awh calling on us (if we just started speaking asper usual, we'd alternate between all talking and no one talking).No labs, and seriously reduced in person lecture time.Not reallyLabs are a litte more challenging, but the new simulations are helpful.N/AZoom has obviously changed the way we can interact.Discussions are less fluid than they should be –– since it is near impossible to have a virtual discussion w/o a leader, as everyone either talks at the same time or not at all, Dr.Spanos has relied on asking questions and taking answers one at a time. I'm not sure there is a better solution, so I don't blame him, but it's definitely a symptom of the virtualenvironment.It has taken a while for it to not feel like a documentary that I occasionally have to interact with. Being in the same spot all day, every day makes me anxious. I try to move to differentspots in my studio apartment, but there is a limited amount of options in an under 400 sq ft space. Only recently has it started feeling like I am actually going to school. I have hadto re–evaluate my at home habits, because in undergrad, I used to do all of my work on campus because I get distracted at home. It is worth noting I have ADD so minimizingdistraction is important. This is honestly not ideal, but I am getting used to aspects of it.MinimallyIt's an entry level course anyways, so not significantlyI have a hard time paying attention sometimes during asynchronous lectures, and I feel less committed to the readings than I probably would if we met in person.I am unable to come late to class if need be due to break out rooms.I feel like everything is going a bit faster than it would normally but i enjoy itIn discussions, it may have allowed some students to remain passive and not completely focus on the class.It has taken a while for it to not feel like a documentary that I occasionally have to interact with. Being in the same spot all day, every day makes me anxious. I try to move to differentspots in my studio apartment, but there is a limited amount of options in an under 400 sq ft space. Only recently has it started feeling like I am actually going to school. I have hadto re–evaluate my at home habits, because in undergrad, I used to do all of my work on campus because I get distracted at home. It is worth noting I have ADD so minimizingdistraction is important. This is honestly not ideal, but I am getting used to aspects of it.Not at allForming friendships with classmates has been harder but not impossible.The discussions are harder to engage with because of the remote nature of the class.Personally, I have enjoyed it.We have had to cut discussions short sometimesI spend a lot more time on physics when I study than I expected.I like being able to work at my own pace with the prerecorded lectures. The assignment deadlines are clear, and I can move around my time spent on this class in accordancewith other classes I can not do that with.It has made forming friendship connections with peers more difficult, but not impossible.I don't get to familiarize myself with my peers. Other than that though, there are no prominent downsides.I only have to watch the lectures remotely. Having an in–person tutorial keeps me engaged and clear on the concepts and assignments.My attention drifts during class.It is is difficult to address problems with the work and difficulties with the assignments.I'm just struggling with the time difference as I live 14 hours ahead of Chicago, meaning I need to wake up at 6 for class. Other than that, I am fine with the class.N/ARemote instruction sometimes makes it difficult to talk to other classmates in the class.Since I am watching the recordings, I sometimes feel lazy to watch the lectures or can't focus. But, other than that everything is going well.Sometimes Professor Shirokoff has technical difficulties, so that can take up time during classSo far, nothing about remote instruction is affecting the class experience.Since I am watching the recordings, I sometimes feel lazy to watch the lectures or can't focus. But, other than that everything is going well.I'm able to engage during our discussions, but it is a lot of reading with not much discussion timeOf course. I think this course is probably the best suited for remote teaching, though, but obviously the experience is different.So far, nothing about remote instruction has affected the class experience.A couple of technological difficultiesI find the material so engaging that I don't have trouble paying attentionProfessor Peña understands the challenges of online learning and his instruction has really accommodated that. His lecture notes and the frequency of office hours isoutstanding, easily the best remote class I am takingIt's difficult to stay focused at times or follow along with the slides.Professor has well–incorporated remote instruction into her teaching.It's difficult to stay focused especially since the lectures are on the longer side and the material can be very challenging and dense.Discussion is more difficult over Zoom, but Prof Grant has done a great job making it more accessible and easy.I feel as though in lecture he primarilly repeats information from pre–recorded lectures which seems like a waste of time, this has improved since the beginning of the coursethoughNot at all. Professor Ciesla has gone out of his way to make the in person to online experience as seamless as possible.I feel less engaged than i normally wouldNo impact, I love that Ken does not expect us to have cameras on that early in the morning. Thank you so much for understanding how uncomfortable it can be to always be oncamera, it is really appreciatedIt's made it much more difficult to stay up to date with all of the content.It isn't the fault of the teacher, but participation is a bit weird this year.I have really enjoyed this class, and I still think that the class is really wonderful even though it is being held remotely.The discussions are done over zoom so they're not as good as I imagine an in–person discussion would be.I think it's going great! Prof Kennedy is great, and it's nice to be able to go back and view lecture recordings. I also enjoy getting to work with new people on the in–classassignments every week.My focus in the course has been slightly hindered.It is weird, but not entirely the teacher's fault.Discussion through zoom can be difficult.Would like more frequent breaks in the 3 hour long class, as keeping up discussion virtually for that long can be tiringSame as how it ran in spring quarterShe has actually handled this quite wellIt has been tough to pay attention and keep up with all of the online work.I think that Profs Shaw and Ng have done a great job keeping their videos interesting and entertaining, and it's really helpful to be able to go back and rewatch them. I'm learning alot.Its been going wellI don't feel as if I am learning as effectively given the remote formatLots of working in groups in break out rooms, but I assume that's similar to the in–class experience.Coco! Remote labsNot affected.Perfect.Perfect.I actually didn't know going in that this was going to be an asynchronous class. I really like the lectures but find that I often leave the work for the whole week until Sunday orMonday morning.Chill time at the beginning to bring people together in such a weird time.While class discussions are much more difficult, it feels mostly unaffected.A bit harder to participate, but nice to have the recorded lectures accessible.Obviously having a remote class is not the same experience, but I have still really enjoyed this class. Professor Kohl shares his screen in class, and sometimes I wish that I couldsee my other peers in class and that the slides aren't always shared.Especially while learning a new language, it feels a little uncomfortable to be speaking over zoom. However, Professor Quevedo–Webb does an excellent job of facilitatingmeaningful conversations and I am really enjoying the class! I definitely feel myself becoming more confident in my Spanish speaking skills.designing a class that is collaborative, as hands–on as possible, and interactive. I enjoy working in both my in–class–assignment group and my lab group, and the activities andengaging and instructional.Mostly unaffected. The lack of distractions is nice.Remote learning definitely has inhibited my ability to work with people on a consistent basis. Everyone is in different time zones or allots their time differently.Harder to participate in class.It can be difficult at times to get specific answers to questions, so I have to teach myself content more than usual.Harder to know when to participate in discussion.I have had a really positive experience in this course even though it is being held remotely. I think that our discussions in class have been more productive than when we met inperson.It's more difficult to have class discussions over zoom, and it's not really possible to connect with other students in the class.I'm not sure how the class would have gone in person, but it seems to be going fine online. I do wish we had the full three hours that seem to have been the norm before thepandemic, but that's out of the professor's control. Besides that, I don't have any real concerns about the course. I like the format of discussion posts and online responses to getmy ideas out since I don't really like speaking in class, and I'm excited for where the course is going in the coming weeks.While it's frustrating to only be able to engage with others online, I think that the class is doing as well as it can considering the circumstances.Pablo is a passionate teacher and I love this class.Not much. Jim does tend to do this thing where he mumbles the end of his sentences when he go on tangents which makes it hard to for the microphone to pick up. However, theslides have enough info and there are plenty of office hours, so I don't feel like I'm missing class content.The class is designed to be flexible, and Ada did a really fantastic job taking into account the various issues that may arise from remote learning. She also addressed thoroughlylogistically details during the first week, so I feel very comfortable knowing what I'm suppose to do.Not much. I've taken courses from Bob before, and they were all excellent. No exceptions here either.I don't think that the class would be much different online vs in–person.I really like the asynchronous format. I strongly prefer this format as it gives me time to stop the lecture video, write down notes, and process what Pietro is trying to teach.Prof. Long has done an incredible job making the class interactive within the remote instruction!I feel disconnected from the other people within the class.Negligible.I feel less engaged during lectures, but appreciate how remote instruction has provided options for reviewing lecture recordings and receiving quick email responses fromprofessors and TAs in this class.It's harder to stay focused during class.It has made me develop better time management skills.I think that the lecture portion of the class isn't affected much by being online. However, having to do labs by ourselves (although we do share with a group) and with limitedequipment is frustrating.one 50 minute lecture does not cover an entire chapter of chemistry material.Very hard to stay focused and engaged during class.difficult to focus on a discussion for 80 minutes with no break. I have three classes that day.NegativelyI commend Claudio for his patience, creativity, and enthusiasm. It has got to be difficult to be teaching right now.It's a bit difficult to pay attention for the entire three hours, but the professor and students all have really interesting things to say, so it's not too bad. I like how the class is going,and I'm glad we're only doing presentations now instead of presentations and responses. I'm still a bit unclear as to what we're supposed to do for the final paper, but that'sprobably my own fault.two hours is a long time to be staring at a screen. i would prefer a shorter time.Overall remote instruction hasn't negatively affected my class experience.It has been difficult to focus on lecture for the full stretch of 80 minutes.It has been interesting taking a discussion based class remotely, but overall seems to be working okayInstead of discussing in small groups we have to use breakout rooms.Prof. Poast has changed the format to center around modules with critical thinking questions instead of traditional lectures. This format is working well with remote instruction.I feel like this class is worse off.It can be difficult to focus on lectures in Zoom and is frustrating to attempt to scan homework done on paper for submission. However, neither affects the quality of my experiencein this class to a significant degree.It can be a bit hard at times to ask questions about more difficult topics due to the limited live class time.Hasn't really affected my experience. We're learning more through videos outside of class and doing exercises in class more than we usually would. I think that's been a goodthing for remote learning though and makes a lot of sense.Not sure.Prof Ciesla has offered Modules on Canvas for learning in addition to Lectures which has been helpful.Negativelyputting off lectures is a real temptation.Not sure.Engaging discussion is more difficult, and I feel like the Writing Sessions are not very helpful.Feel like the lectures aren't very helpful. Not the same as being able to sit in class and engage.Harder to engage in discussion.quality discussion sections difficult to achieve. putting off lectures is a real temptation.Hasn't.Technical difficulties have gotten in the way.Not sure.I miss discussion sectionNice that everything's asynchronous but rather more like a podcast and rather less like a classNot too greatly, the fact that I can rewatch lectures helps greatly since they are recorded.Not at all, actually much easier to have online office hoursMade it more difficult to communicate with the professor and get help.Not sure.It has made a lower–quality learning experience.Not at all. It's been excellent and almost exactly like a regular class.No effectMinimally. If anything, it is easier to work through game theory examples using a digital "whiteboard" rather than a chalkboard.It makes it a lot harder. I have trouble focusing on the readings, and feeling like I can come up with my own ideas for response papers.Sometimes it feels like we don't have much guidance and that we're just trying to blindly navigate the class, but I know that's also just a symptom of the class having over 500people.feels a little harder to speak and interact. like there's a wallNot at all.It makes it harder to focus and get all the readings done, but other than this, not much.harder to pay attentionHarder to engage on a digital platform although the flexibility has been really nice.Negatively. Prof. Krishnan and the TAs do not seem comfortable teaching a class online, and it has seriously affected my ability to learn material.It makes it incredibly hard to focus and to stay on top of things.It has made it harder to focus overall. However, the format of pre–recorded lectures actually works very wellI think the course is going well. The professor always has interesting things to say, especially about things that aren't obvious from the readings. Everyone in class always hasgood ideas, too.We rarely interact with the instructor.It helps that the lectures are recorded, Professor Liu has transferred the class online very well and I am enjoying it.Positively. This class is as interesting and engaging as other, in–person classes I've taken with Prof. Gal.Remote instruction has made the lab portion of the class significantly more difficultZoom fatigue is definitely a real thing, and Professor Porretto has done a great job in mitigating this risk. While it obviously isn't in person, it feels at if it isRemote instruction has made this class somewhat more difficultGenerally, I think remote instruction is less effective than in–person instruction.Very good.Definitely makes it difficult to engage with the material since all of the labs and instructions are online.Discussions are a bit harder, but overall not too bad.It's been totally fine.Remote instruction does not appear to have massively affected my experience in the class.It hasn't made much of a difference, as our class time has been very productive.DifficultNot at allRemote instruction has negatively impacted the lab portion of this class but it doesn't seem like there is any solution to this problem. Identifying rocks just doesn't translate well toa virtual setting.the breakout rooms are sometimes open for a bit too long, making them feel a bit awkward.Discussions are good, usually effective.We do more work on our own time or with small groupsHard to participate as effectively in discussion in a virtual formatRemote instruction affects relationships that could be made with other students, but other than that, remote instruction has not severely lessened the value of my experience.In person labs are hindered.Remote instruction has largely tuned me out of this class. There is little incentive to watch the lectures, especially since they are mostly summaries of the readings with lots oftangents.Interactions with other students are hindered.I have found no issue with the remote instruction for this class.Remote instruction hasn't significantly affected this class. The lectures are well done and class discussions are insightful.Remote instruction does not appear to have massively affected my experience in the class. The only thing I'll say is that breakout sessions can sometimes be awkward.Discussion–based classes always benefit from being in person but the class has been adapted really well to the digital formatRemote instruction has made it difficult to connect with classmates outside of class. We can't talk to each other after class the way that students naturally tend to do. We have toput more effort into connecting with classmates, which can be awkward at times.It's hard to understand what is expected of students to learn on their own as everything is simply in modules.Discussion is slightly more difficult on Zoom.It is harder to learn math remotely, however online lectures before classes help immensely and the professor is great at effectively teaching all the material.It has made it much more difficult to understand and absorb the content taught.It hasn't changed my academic experience.It is harder to pay attentionBecause it is a lecture class of about 300 people it is hard to learn in the class onlineI feel like our conversations are not really rich because it is hard to read the room in a discussion when we're not all in the same room.The ta instructor is not helping.It is a little harder to discuss because we are not able to see the people around us in personI think this class runs more efficiently with remote instruction due to the division of synchronous and asynchronous materials.Lectures aren't interactive at all––we barely have the opportunity to ask questions directly (and when we do, he doesn't really answer them) and he doesn't pay attention to the chat,either. My classmates and I mostly answer each other's questions using the internet in our own private groupchat. All of the lectures could easily be prerecorded and watched onour own time so that we could actually learn something in class beyond re–writing the textbook.increased flexibility, able to get ahead on work without waiting for lecturesA lot of asynchronous stuffQuite a bitMore asynchronous lectures, which I really likemore flexibility, able to get ahead on work without waiting for labsshorter classes200 unit course.A lot! Extremely hard to have a lab class for stats when you have to go through so many hoops to get the software. Its nearly impossible to learn how to code something throughzoom with only one screen and I have struggled.harder to absorb stuff when the slides are premadehard to focusI feel a little disconnected from my peersFlipped classroom. Lectures are sometimes hard to understand and it's hard to ask questions during recitationI feel a disconnect with my peersRemote instruction has made me feel disconnected with my professor, TA, and peersI feel very detached from the class. I like going to class and sitting in on lectures, especially when the material is difficult. Having to listen to lectures and then going to discussionsection twice a week to get more insight and then regular discussion section has felt draining, and I feel less involved even though it takes up more of my time. Professor Wilsonseems like an excellent professor, and I feel as though I have not been able to truly get to know him.I feel that it is more difficult to engage and connect with my TAI do not feel like it has affected my experience in class all that much, as the virtual setting allows us to get a better look at the pieces we are viewing in real time.My participation in class seems to diminish during online class compared to in person classes.Harder to pay attentionIt makes it more difficult to work in groups with classmatesIt makes it a little more difficult to ask questions during class.It makes it more difficult to participate/connect directly with the content.It has affected the chance to connect with others as it is hard to meet people for groups.It's made it a bit harder to understand the material and ask questions but there are plenty of extra office hours.It has made participating in discussion more difficult for me.Remote instruction has helped me in understanding lectures since I can re–view them in case I missed something.It is difficult to remain engaged in a zoom class.It seems rushed and the lack of flexibility in testing makes it so.It's made it easier to follow along where we learn at our own pace.not much for this class. I would find asking the TA or professor easier in person.As a seminar–based class, I feel as though I'd have a better time engaging with the material and with my classmates in an in–person setting rather than via Zoom, but Iunderstand that such is the nature of our current situation and there's not really anything that can be done. Professor Masghati has done a great job adapting to it and I lookforward to our class progressing forward.The format of the class has been working so far. I like how the prerecorded lectures contain the core information/material and the live lectures go overexamples/questions/exercises about the material.It takes me more time to finish viewing the lectures since I feel compelled to take tons of notes, whereas in an in–person environment I would summarize more. But that'ssomething personal, not a problem caused by the instructor.It feels more hectic, and it being asynchronous makes it hard to find the right time to view lectures.Can't really do in–class writing assignments.I just wish we had access to in–person lab materials. If that was the case, I think I'd be better engaged with the lab content and can make more detailed, personal connections.Lectures are harder to follow.Asynchronous lectures make it more difficult to reliably look at lectures.It is working much the same as if in person.I feel like the remote instruction has made it a bit harder to learn and understand certain materials, such as epsilon–delta notation.As a flipped classroom, I don't believe it really has.It feels a little bit like I'm just following a syllabus without a bunch of other context but I think that's just the nature of this.I do not feel like it has affected my learning experience all that much.I feel pretty disengaged from the lectures in general. The work is pretty minimal, but it's mostly independent so I haven't retained a lot of what I've learned.It is more difficult to see what the professor expects and what information is important and which is not.it hasn't been terribleIt has made the material go faster than notes can be taken sometimes but it has been pleasant overall.It makes it harder to follow lectures, especially because they move quickly. It's also harder to ask questions because I have to make a more conscious decision to unmute or typein the chat.It's been interesting adjusting to the digitally format, but overall everything is fine.its been beneficial actually, as a math major this is a pretty easy class but i need to take it so asynch classes are greatBased on scheduling, I have not been able to attend a single zoom meeting where Professor Solovieva details the agenda regarding next week of the course. It is more difficult forme to keep up with what is expected out of papers, close readings, etc.I don't think remote instrucution has altered my experience in this class.Lectures online literally are of no help on the homework. He literally describes no applicability to any problems and I feel that heavily when doing the homeworkThe discussions are a little more disjointed and unnatural than I think they would be in person, which is disappointing. That said, I do prefer entire class discussions to thebreakout room sessions, because I like the variety of ideas that show up in the bigger group.It's made it difficult to have a well–flowing discussion in class. Zoom makes it difficult to interject in conversations.My learning experience has been great regardless of the remote setting during lecture. Philip presents the material very clearly during the remote lectures.Since the group is small, I feel like remote instruction has disrupted the connectedness we as a class would have otherwise felt if we were in person.Our discussions are on Zoom and written on Canvas. We do not get to interact as much with our TA as much as we would in–person.noIt makes it a lot harder to concentrate since it is a lecture rather than discussion based (of course, since we have more than 60 people), and I am taking the class in my dormroom.The remote instruction has created a negative experience for me in this class.It's a bit more difficult to focus during class, but overall it hasn't been unmanageable.Lectures are recorded on Panopto and not verbally in–person. We use written discussions on Canvas. We meet on Zoom once a week instead of twice a week in–person.It's added an extra layer to participation in the class– discussions feel different than in person (although I can't tell if it's for the better or not).Very littleAllows for surprisingly better discussionsReally difficult to find time to watch the lecture videos, while still going to classLittleI feel that the remote instruction combined with the nature of the class has significantly taken away the element of connectedness between me, my peers, and the professor.Because the calculus class is lecture–styled and breakout rooms don't fit into the structure, it's difficult to foster connections.No on–site experiments as specified in the scriptThe remote format has caused the class to go at a much faster pace than I expected, causing me to not fully grasp the concepts during the lectures.It is harder to ask questions as they come because the class is online and asynchronous. However, the availability of the prerecorded lectures online gives a lot of flexibility aboutwhen the work is completed.The only true affect remote instruction has had on my learning has been through technical issues. From audio problems to internet connection issues, these unfortunate side–effects of remote learning have sometimes affected class.Remote instruction has been effective in the lectures, especially with the lab sections. The labs have been fun to perform and are actually helpful, despite the remote nature.I cannot ask my professor questions on something that confuses me in the lecture. Because the lectures are watched asynchronously, this allows our teacher to assign 60+minutes of lectures due three times a week instead of the 50 minutes we would normally have if the class was in person and we took notes during the class time.Not as much interaction with other studentsVery nice to be able to rewatch lectureI'm more inclined to wash dishes instead of take notes during Zoom lectures, which wouldn't be possible in person.It makes it hard to focus in the class.Obviously class is not the same, but Prof. Kasimis engaged us extremely well and brought the class together to such a degree that I truly wish that I had been in an in–personclass with her.Remote instruction has made this class workload a lot more intense.The ability to build strong friendships with classmatesThe ability to build strong friendships with classmatesMore difficult to ask questions, and collaborate with other students.Though it would be ideal to meet in person, remote instruction has not been detrimental to the class and to learning.I find myself getting bored in class on zoom.It's fine, the teacher engages fairly well. However, the instructor has some unfamiliarity with zoom and canvas.Chemistry is a lot harder to understand now.It has just made it a lot harder to feel comfortable engaging in discussion.Its just harder to understand relying on the flipped classroom idea.It has made it a a lot harder to feel comfortable engaging in discussion.It's made it very difficult to follow along with a proof because we can only see so much of the screen at a time.Being able to review the lectures afterwards is helpful because I can rewind and examine the content at my own pace.Class is now harder to understand but good enoughI think it has made it a little easier in terms of being able to sort of go at my own pace.I feel like I miss out on casual conversations with classmates, but otherwise it is going well.It actually makes it easier for me, because I can break the tedious lectures into smaller chunks. Professor Huang does a great job teaching, but I find it difficult to concentrate onstat for an entire class periodI feel it has granted me more time to keep up with the readings in the class.I feel like I have not missed a lot if the class was in person, however, I do miss the interactions I would be having with other students in the same class. It is harder to find studentsto study within that class.It sucks. Remote sucks. Classes are passionless and uninteresting and you learn very little. Bring the school back it's not worth a tenth of what ya'll are charging.Having discussions is a little more difficult just due to not being in person.There's less opportunity for collaboration and it's a lot harder to meet/interact with peers.It has not been a detriment. The lectures are easy to attend and the quizzes are structured in a good manner.I feel less pressured in regards to work thanks to the infrequent synchronous meetings.Discussion is a little more stilted due to the online format.not too muchIt has made discussions more difficult due to reducing the number of back–and–forth conversations or related inputs possible.a different way of discussion i guess, but overall its goodnot much, maybe a little bit less focusedThe labs, unsurprisingly, were affected the most. The lab assignments are not as hands–on as one would want them but that comes with the territory. The learning experience,otherwise, is great.Participating online is harder than participating in person; I think that if we had in–person classes it would be more engaging.Fortunately, Jane has integrated students with one another, making it not too horrible.Remote instruction hasn't really affected my experience in the class, aside from not allowing me to meet my classmates which would create a more comfortable learningenvironment.Dr. Fineschi has done a great job making and finding labs that replicate the real classroom experience.The only way remote instruction has affected my experience in this class is it hasn't allowed me to meet my peers and create the most comfortable learning environment that I canexperience.Though nothing beats the in–person experience, I have no complains whatsoever.Remote instruction has not allowed me to create connections with my peers in the class which would create a more comfortable learning environment.¯\_(ツ)_/¯Professor Burbank has done a great job having recorded lectures as well as optional workshops and other learning options.I really enjoy Pam's class. She makes remote instruction enjoyable thanks to her personality.NoneYes, of course. Sadly, I think it is just really hard to find lectures as engaging. I have never had issues being excited or engaged in class until this online phase of education. I thinkespecially because the first time hearing the information it can feel over your head it makes it harder to be engaged in lecture.not terriblyIt has lead to a shift to more work being done asynchronously (much more homework).i cant pay attention for very long, the zoom fatigue is realIt is very bad, the workload is unreasonableIt has made it a lot harder to be connected and engaged in the work.Professor Morrissey has done a good job shifting to the online setting. Although technology poses many difficulties, I believe the goal of being able to have a conversation aboutthe works we are reviewing has gone as well as can be expected.the workload is very unreasonableWith remote instruction there are a lot of issues such as wifi connection, lag, and distractions. This has made it more difficult to learn.I feel very lost in the class without synchronous lessons. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to know, and it's frustrating when the problems in the psets require knowledge outside ofthe recorded lectures.I feel like I probably am having a bit more time to read since I gain time that may have been spent walking to and from class from my dorm. The reading is very dense and takestime to understand which is why I feel that way.With remote instruction there are a lot of issues such as wifi connection, lag, and distractions. This has made it more difficult to learn.Actually not too much! I wish I could be a classroom; I think lecture would be so exciting and discussion better, but compared to my other classes this is the best remote one!n/aThis class does not work well remotely. The discussion posts make the homework really long and do not actually help with understanding the material. Also the class can seemdisconnected from week to week.I think lecture and QA after is a good idea but fails in execution. There are many times when I do not know what I would ask as a question. Also I think it would be helpful if therewere examples built into the lecture and not an addendum in TA psets.It is sometimes difficult to have productive conversations that truly build off each other and come to a developed conclusion.The discussions have been pretty interesting even virtuallyI think this class has executed remote instruction the best of all my classes. The discussions are very good and very helpful.It is difficult to understand what is going on in general, as it is tougher to ask questions and clarify in a remote setting.It is difficult to have a seminar class remotely, but for the circumstances it is going well.It is harder to pay attention.It's sad that we can't have in–person interactions but overall the strategies to transition the class remotely have really worked.It is very weird trying to repeat after the sensei during a zoom call, but I think it is being done the best way possible considering the circumstances.Difficult to work on psets with others or to ask TAs for help if we cannot show our work to themI think remote is working, but in person could be more effectiveIt's difficult sometimes to focus virtually.Remote instruction has made it a bit challenging to engage with the professor during class time, but office hours and study groups have been very helpful. Also professor Cullerseems to have the waiting room enabled on his zoom account which means he has to let people in manually; if he turns this setting off then people should be able to joinautomatically.Primarily, remote instruction makes it slightly more difficult to participate in lecture, as well as to collaborate on assignments or during office hours.Ability to ask questions and get hands on helpI do not feel remote instruction has affected this class very much.Dr. Gazes is doing a phenomenal job. The class has really been thought out well and has translated nicely to zoom.Malynne has done a wonderful job adapting to the remote environment, and she is able to keep the class engaged in thoughtful discussion throughout our time period.Lectures are asynchronous, class is office hoursHaving remote learning has taken away some of the experiences for the class, like visiting the Oriental Institute for an assignment, but otherwise, it has not been a determinant.I have no in–person physics to compare this to, but it feels kind of weird.The instructors have done a phenomenal job of trying to give us the best possible lab experience given remote constraints, and as a result I don't feel my experience has beenlessened at all.This is a new class, so it's hard to gauge.Not that much, since our discussions are also very productive in a remote setting.Overall, I don't really think that it has.It feels kind of convenient!not at allRemote learning hasn't had too much of an effect. However, Professor Sanderson not having blackboards to write on has made visualization of concepts slightly more difficult.Remote instruction has definitely increased the amount of time I spend in this class, but overall the class is going well.Having asynchronous video lectures has actually greatly benefitted me, as I can rewind or rewatch sections that I do not understand. The in–person tutorials are very helpful, andthis is the class it is easiest for me to focus on.A bit.Not much, it is harder to speak as a group due to internet lag, but otherwise it has affected it a minuscule amount.Having discussions online has not been an issue, in fact, the "breakout room" function on Zoom is actually helpful.I think I would have gone to office hours by now if it were in–person, because zoom office hours are weird :–( but also I'm not in HP at the moment so even if class were in–personI wouldn't be able to go to office hours :–\It is hard to show the prof our pset responses and get feedback.It has not really, Sotomayor and the entire CS121 instructional team is doing a wonderful jobThere's no exact substitute for in class learning, but so far I think this course is going very well.It's very hard to get help on homework because there is no in–person time to look over problems together on paper with classmates and teachers. I cannot ask questions that Ihave because I cannot point to my work on paper and ask questions on steps in math easily. I feel like I have not learned as much as I should have from the online lectures, andreally had to self study out of the book in order to gain some understanding of the material.Keeping up with asynchronous lectures and assignments is a bit challenging.Lebow has done a wonderful job of being available to discuss concepts/ideas with the class. The Q and A at the end of lecture I don't really love b/c I'm not always sure that it ishelpful to everyone to hear everyone else's questions alwaysIt has not really affected my experience. The class is working very well.Lecture courses are harder to sit through via Zoom than they are in the classroom. Big classes are also harder than smaller ones on ZoomIt has made it harder to engage. The professor is not responsive to email, and I have a difficult time getting help understanding the course material. The TA office hours over Zoomwere terribly difficult to understand the times that I have attended are wholly unhelpful.There are no "lectures," and the weekly quizzes are overwhelming and hard with keeping up with.Occasional internet quality issuesWe get less time to discuss the poems we read for homework in class and we often end late because of it.It's made it difficult because my wifi tends to get really bad in the last half of my discussion section, which is when I tend to participate more. It's so frustrating and I can't doanything about it :(It is harder to ask questions during lectures and communicate effectively with TAs.It has not really affected my experience, the class is perfect.I think remote instruction makes it difficult to engage students in conversation/discussion.We have a shorter session on Thursday that offers more chances at participation but decreases how much we can get through.It has made class discussions more difficult.Class time has become a forum for office–hours–esque questions instead of working back through texts.We follow the same format: general overview, break–out rooms, share what we discussed in the main session, and end on general observations.Remote instruction puts all the work covered in class online (which is a lot) and adds on homework as well. I spend way too much time trying to understand the reading when itcould be discussed more easily in class time, but it's almost impossible to discuss smaller questions on the reading of cover everything when there are 300+ people in a zoomcall. It's hard to focus on the lecture when there are so many questions in the chat that I also want to know the answer to, and the hour or so in–person lecture once a week is notenough time to cover the dense amount of material.Everything is self–directed; we don't have "class" but rather class that fronts as office hours.Most discussion of material happens out of class, unable to see live shows.All learning is done out of class through videos, and it is often difficult to tell what I have a strong grasp on.It makes it even more boring than chemistry normally is.It's extremely challenging to grasp new concepts through asynchronous lectures. The one live lecture we do weekly is not very helpful. 500 students logging into one live meetingmakes it hard to ask questions or have a productive class. Of course, the biggest loss is not being able to do in–person laboratory activities.connection to classes can vary from day to day.It hasn't affected it too much.Lectures feel harder to ask questions in.It has not since it is a math class and there is no specific aspect that has to be in–person.it is difficult to access zoom with the unreliable internet.Little; class time is lecture basedIt seems to be going fine so far.The tests are hard to take in this format.it is more difficult to learn lessons online.Well, to be honest, in an ideal world, I would have loved to take the class in person. However, that isn't anybody's fault it's just the current situation.it has not affected me too much in this class.I don't know what it would be like under normal circumstances, but discussion on Zoom is definitely challenging and not engaging. The inability to see everyone's faces and haveto unmute or raise your hand before responding to someone makes for very stinted and awkward discussions that are filled with long pauses. I don't think this is the professor'sfault, but rather an unfortunate side effect of trying to replicate discussion remotely.Obviously, discussions don't flow as well as they would if we were in–person, but Professor Henly is an amazing facilitator and discussions are very interesting due to the smallsize of the class.Not at all really, screen sharing is beneficial & professor's lecture notes are available for us to follow along.Not as easy to have a discussion/conversation over zoom comparative to in person. To be honest, classes like this should have been in person. There are really no instancesanywhere of COVID outbreaks having anything to do with in person classes.The lectures are so much more participation based and less content based that I find them less helpful. I also have to spend much more time on the reading to understand thecontent because of this.It hinders the discussion process to an extent, but for the most part my experience has been fine.The changed conditions under which work is conducted have strongly influenced the strength of my gradesClass is pretty interactive and there is a lot of groupwork so that certainly would've been better in person.Certain activities would likely be better if done in a real life scenario, but for the most part my experience has been okay.Class is disorganized and the instructor is unaccommdating. Lab materials are not fully providedNot at all really! Prof Locking does an excellent job of lecturing remotely, & the discussion posts clarifying readings are EXTREMELY helpful in dissecting what can sometimes bedifficult readings.It's definitely harder to pay attention – while the coursework is interesting, it's far too easy to tune out during a lecture.This class has went surprisingly well remotely so far.Not at all! Asynchronous lectures are actually great because we can adjust the speed at which we watch, pause, and go back & review the things we missed.It hasn't really effected it too much, we try to ignore that its online and operated as normalThe quality of the class is much worseI don't feel that the deadlines are actually realI wish that I could have taken this class in person. I feel like discussion is very important to understand the concepts we're learning, but remote learning deprives us of that. Also, Ifind that a lot of examples would be much more helpful if they were accompanied by drawings/diagrams/graphs.Not at all! i feel i'm receiving a good education despite doing everything over zoom.not much.Discussions in lecture course can be difficultIt may be a little harder to ask questions, but in the end I think it's going pretty wellIt has made it veery hard to ask questions effectively and difficult to contact the professorclass is going well! really like that it's audio only, no video.While I would prefer to have taken this class in person, I feel that remote instruction has not had any large negative effect on my experience in the class. Recorded lectures aregreat for a math class because I can pause until I understand the topic and then I can move forward.it impairs my understanding of the materialsI don't think it's affected it muchyesYes, the labs are very limited due to the remote nature of classesMinimally, the professor has done a good job of making the most of the situation.Didn't affect me in a bad way.It's lent itself more open to a disorganized assault of student questions on the professor. He seems to welcome them all, which is normally a good thing, but it can also make itseem like it disrupts the organization of the lecture. Sometimes the questions dominate the class and I wonder if I missed important content. Actually even through zoom thesequestions could probably be answered after the lecture, I'd recommend organizing it that way.Learning has not been made easier.Really hard to focus in general. Even though the material is very engaging.No labs. Hard to pay attention in general.Difficult to pay attention in general. Even though the material is engaging.It's harder to meet classmates and work together with them because you can't talk to them one–on–one in a big Zoom meeting and sometimes you can't find them on socialmedia. Some people turn off their cameras too. I think it's also harder to interact with the instructor in that sense too.Remote instruction is just hard in general... Screen–induced headaches and lack of social interactions being the worst effects. Obviously, the class would be a lot more fun if itwas in person.YesProfessor Roper has done an amazing job making this class as normal as possible online and doing everything she can to make it as interactive and engaging as it would be inperson.Remote instruction has made it a bit more difficult to understand the content as the classes are asynchronous.It's harder to interact with classmates and the instructor because pretty much everyone turns their camera off during lectures so you don't know who anyone is. You can't talk one–on–one with someone in a big Zoom call either. Also having remote lab is a struggle because we have to find lab materials ourselves and do them individually, but the materials Ifind in my dormitory are scarce. It's difficult to communicate conceptual ideas to group mates and learn from the lab if not everyone is looking at the same thing or experience thesame thing at the same time.n/aI feel like because it's remote and we only meet twice a week, the amount of homework we get is greater. It's hard to meet with classmates and get to know them one–on–one in afull Zoom meeting. I think in this way it is also harder to interact with the instructor. I think it makes it kind of less engaging because speaking and interacting with classmates isless fun and engaging when we're not speaking in personIt means that the lectures are asynchronous and I find that watching them throughout the day is not as informative as an in person lecture.The entire class is on zoom and canvas.The discussions are great.The lectures are great.It's a lot harder to sustain focus for an hour and 20 minutes while on zoomIt's been a very good experience so far! I really enjoy lectures; Professor Kennedy is incredible! Lab has also been very enjoyable, and I like the mix of in–person wet labs andZoom coding labs.The lectures are not great.The class is on zoomBoringThe in–class discussions are helpful.It has made performances more difficult, but the professor has done a good job to overcome this.My WiFi is pretty awful so synchronous classes are very difficult to join and remain a part of for the full time. As well the general inability to really talk to people has been rough onoverall morale. Of course, this has nothing to do with the instructor or the course itself specifically.Has not impacted our discussions significantlyThe lack of in–person labs removes the opportunity to learn proper techniques and how to trace and minimize error, in addition with being unable to properly meet classmates.It's disappointing not to be able to listen to pieces in class and watch the opera together, but it's still an enjoyable class.Remote instruction has not impacted my experience too much, I think that this class has a "normal" feeling to it as if we were still in–person which is nice.I'm still learning all the material just fine, but zoom just makes it so much less enjoyableThe conversations are a little harder to get rolling, but the reading and quality of the conversations would likely be similar in person.My WiFi is pretty awful so synchronous discussions are extremely difficult for me.Fairly minorly, though labs can be significantly more challenging and time consuming if we need to set up a complex procedure or procure materials we aren't likely to have.Synchronous classes are pretty rough because of my poor WiFi connection. Also, not being able to physically see classmates or other people has made the work more stressful.Group work can be difficult at times, but I have enjoyed this class thoroughly thus far.Not very much –– Professor Kivva has adapted excellently to remote learning. I might go so far as to say that I am learning as or more effectively now than during prior classes.Professor Knorr has done a great job with the online format of the course. Entering a class meeting is very intuitive, and accessing an online assignment is straightforward.It's disappointing to not be able to engage in class discussions as well, but overall it's still an enjoyable class.The only thing to really be affected is group work, otherwise, it's adapted to remote learning really well.Teaching of content is a lot more self–taught then I'd assume it usually is.Lecture videos can be watched flexibly, which is quite good for my personal scheduling and learning style.Likely similar to what the class would resemble in person.Zoom discussions work quite well, especially for the format of our classes. Not that much of an impact.It is a bit more difficult to participate in a discussion–based class remotely, but the teacher has made it work well enough considering the circumstances.Professor Saltzman began the first class by talking about how exciting it was that we could have much more of a discussion led by equals on a Zoom call, as compared to whatwould have been more of a lecture–like feeling in person led by his authority figure. I am loving this class and format.Lectures sometimes get taken up by Zoom issues, but most of that has been resolved by not I believe. Other than that, remote instruction has not changed my experience toomuch.The availability of office hours on the virtual platform is definitely nice (would likely be harder to access in person, but I have yet to figure that out).watching the lectures is extremely flexible because they are all pre–recorded, but they are a lot. It takes a long time to watch them all and take notes.The class is particularly difficult as is, and I don't think being switched to remote learning helped that.Remote instruction has barely affected this class and it almost feels as though it is just in person. As far as I can remember there have been no interruptions/confusing thingsthrough Zoom, Canvas, etc. since Dr. Pieters is really great at uploading everything for us to access and well as being clear about expectations, how class works, etc.It's a better way to have this class since we need to do coding in class.It has changed my study habits and the way that I read texts.It makes it slightly difficult to know when someone else is going to speak, so there is some overlap/interruptions, but otherwise good.It's harder to go to office hour, and stay focus in this classNot much, I think that the instructor really prepared wellIt has really hindered my experience. I find myself struggling a lot during this quarter, but I think the resources are plentiful for me to catch up.Just the lack of real life lab that can be annoying, but other than that not really, I think the instructor really prepared well and I have a great time understanding the materials.I have still had a positive experience in the class through remote instruction.The newly–adapted 40–minute discussions have made it a lot easier for me to be engaged and learn in this course.Labs have been affectedclass discussion still goes well, discussion board posts have been helpful supplementThe asynchronous lectures are helpful to breakdown topics and learn material on my own time.Made learning more diifficultharder to pay attention in lectures, feel removed from classI like the lecture/discussion time allocation, and the small breaks that helps prevent zoom fatigue.slightly more difficult to have discussionsGreat! The lectures are great and I love the diversity of formats of material (podcasts, readings, videos) that keeps things interesting.very littleThe remote factor has not really affected my experience in this class other than with lab, which is going generally well.nonea little harder to have discussionsThe only major difference is the labs, which I think have been designed exceptionally well given the circumstances. All applause for Dr. Keller and those awesome videos!I think the mode of quiz taking is stressful at times because it relies on there being perfect wifi and no glitches, but other than that it's very good and I love the class.Not being in person has certainly affected our discussion. It is harder to be present and engaged without the non–verbal cues that allow everyone to get a word in. It also seemslike silence is magnified on Zoom.During the lecture portion, it is a bit challenging with the concepts that I do not understand. Because lectures are remote, I cannot necessarily ask an immediate questionpertaining to the lesson, but usually the TA is able assist during tutorials.For group work, we use breakout rooms which aren't as productive as if we were able to see and speak to each other in person. In addition, since you can only see a few peopleon screen, a lot of times people will overlap when they participate.It's been good and Ciesla is SO nice (and clearly making an effort to have his passion shine through the remote format). The only ways I feel the remote instruction has affectedme would be in terms of never "really" meeting classmates/sitting through asynchronous lecture.Remote instruction does not feel too different from that of a normal class, and the overall experience is fulfilling.While it is sometimes more difficult to engage in a discussion over Zoom, the method Anne uses of writing a list of names of people who want to speak has allowed everyone tobe heard.There are no opportunities to do group work and to ask your classmates for help.I feel a little bit less engaged in the discussions of the readings because we are not in a classroom setting.Remote instruction does not feel too different from that of a normal class, and the overall experience is fulfilling.Class has translated well from a classroom setting to online.It seems pretty hectic most of the time/unorganized. A lot of the time instruction is unclear as well.It was difficult to transition from discussing in–person to discussing over Zoom.It has made it significantly less enjoyable. That being said, it is not the administrations fault and my professor has done a wonderful job of still making it engaging.It's been pretty good because lecture notes are saved. Otherwise, standard remote experience: you get a tiny sense of "I wish this was in person," but know that the in–personoption is terrible.It is more difficult to focus and understand the material.We have classes as a group only once a week. I wonder what sort of live concerts we're missing out on...Remote instruction does not feel too different from that of a normal class, and the overall experience is fulfilling. I also enjoyed taking a tour with Mara Caden near the RegensteinLibrary.I think it has made the materials harder to understand because zoom seems to stifle our conversations.It's made it harder to have a conversation with classmates about the text. It feels more like watching and having interactions with the professor, and while that's a good thing, it'snice to get other people's impressions more. Especially unfortunate as you can't really talk outside of class.It has definitely stifled my learning of the language.Positive influenceI actually think that it has allowed me to gain a better understanding of the material. Both prerecorded/panopto and simultaneous lectures allows for more content exposure andmore time to consider what content we do not understand for follow–up questionsNot much I think — tough I think that I would strongly prefer in–person labs.Not much––our conversation flows really well.Not much. Conversation still flows really well.No technological difficultiesLots of technological difficultiesRemote instruction in this class has done well for my experience. Professor Dallavalle makes the most of our time online with various resources like visual documents, slides,and break out rooms.It makes asking questions and participating in class very difficult.We are not able to do labs in person.We simply cannot meet in person to discuss our material.Discussing over zoom can make it somewhat more difficult to keep a flowing discussion of the content, but for the most part it has been fine.We were not able to do an activity in person as we usually would have done.we only meet once a week over zoom, so that has made it hard to stay engaged with class. online labs are the actual WORST.our discussions work pretty well over zoom, so it's almost normallectures are pretty okay; labs aren't great but at least we're doing somethingN/Athe combination of videos and synchronous meetings is a little much, but other than that it's not badHarder to leanrn; less student–professor interactionsN/AN/AHard for me to participate as much; not able to just bring up points as I goBreakout rooms feel stilted/it's hard to feel engaged.Feels distant.It's a mish–mosh and its weirdIt's a discussion based class and this format doesn't translate well onto zoom.Barely at allI have a harder time staying focused during synchronous lectures because the remote environment is not immersive.It makes it harder to concentrate.It's hard to focus on zoom.Professor Weintraub has done an excellent job.It can get really difficult to keep track of the class flow. In addition, since the course has a lab component, it can be hard to keep up with those assignments at home setting.I don't know what this class would've been like in person, but it is terrible remotely. The labs are ridiculously terrible. They take way more time than is expected and require effortfrom students to obtain materials. They should just be done virtually and we should write reports on them on our own.It makes it harder to be engaged and participate (Zoom just has a chilling effect on conversation, I feel). It also makes it easier, though, to attend office hours conveniently. I do feel,though, that PSETs are very much assisted by collaborative discussion about topics (obviously zero plagiarism / independent work on the PSETs, though –– just discussion of themath concepts)––and this has been hurt by the virtual format.Not much, but conversation in in–person settings would be more natural.Class is very confusing because there are 500 people in a Zoom room, and it is hard to ask questions and follow the lecture.Discussions are much more difficult to do especially with the lack of body language cues.Lecture happens on a virtual whiteboard instead of a real one.Everything has translated relatively well and we have adapted quicklyVirtual discussions are harder to facilitate than in–person ones, and we only meet once a week.It's made in–class discussions a challenge. A lot harder for conversations to be true dialogues instead of a series of monologues online.Remote instruction has not hurt my experience in the class. Ms. Avery is very good at lecturing in an online format and providing us with work that reflects what we learned in class.It is very difficult to ask questions and/or maintain focus in the lectures. Also, the adjustment to online labs has been definitely different. However, overall I think the adjustment toremote learning is going as well as it could be.N/AAccess to the library and books is difficult, but it's central to the course.Lectures are recorded and watched asynchronously and class is spent solving problems in small groups.This class has been as good as any in–person math class I've taken. There is an excellent balance between recorded asynchronous lectures and class periods spent workingthrough problems and answering questions.Sometimes my Wifi lags, so I have to reconnect into the Zoom class.I think the lecture format is working well online. Definitely a bit harder for me to ask questions online compared to in–person, but it hasn't been a problem.Not much, lecture participation.While we weren't able to get the rubber duckies, the videos that Raghu provide are very helpful, alongside the live instruction.Remote instruction of foreign–language classes definitely makes staying fully engaged a lot more difficult, but I think the transition has been pretty good overall.Less participation.It has limited my ability to get help on my programming assignments.Drawing figures via Zoom on a computer is a bit tougher than if we were in–person writing on the worksheet together, but it is manageable.Not at all. It's mostly listening to music. I find it enjoyable being able to knit during class.It has allowed midterms to be conducted in a very convenient way.It has made discussion slightly difficult, but that is all.Having pre–recorded lectures is helpful.some internet/zoom troublesHarder to ask questionsnot muchEverything is going wellKale is doing an amazing job.not much. Just wish I had more opportunities to chat with the professor.The discussions could have been more lively if it had been in person. But this is fine too.Sometimes my Wifi can be unreliable during lectures.Labs are just meh. Professor Rowley is a great professor, just not able to see his full potential with all the annoying tid bit of zoom. I wish there were a little bit more office hoursthan the 3 we have right now,It hasn't affected it that much.Not much.It's been alright, I think the professor has adapted wellNice to take the class at my own paceThe zoom classes are huge which makes it difficult to stay engaged. People interrupt every few minutes with random questions not conducive to learning or applicable to thematerial.Instructor has adapted really wellI feel like the quality of my microphone negatively affects my immersion with the course materialI do not know if this was a change do to the remote style but I feel as though the laboratories are very unhelpful when it comes to learning the chemistry and that what we couldhave done in person would have certainty been much more useful.The instructors for this course are splitting lecture responsibilities across the various topics of the quarter. In the first half of this quarter, there have been some discrepanciesbetween what is covered in lectures and what each teacher includes in assignments. Additionally, I have no understanding of the overall direction of this class. There hasn't reallybeen a sense of progression from topic to topic in the early part of the quarter, and just a general explanation of the goals of the class would help to better understand themotivation for the different topics.students unless I had previously known them outside the class.I have trouble looking at a computer screen for a long time, so I have trouble doing work consistently for this class for hours at a time during the day. I wish that, especially sincewe're in a pandemic, more lenience would be given to students. I also believe that students should be checked on by a faculty member (could be an advisor) at least quarterly tosee how they are doing physically, mentally, and emotionally.It is much harder to participate through Zoom.I've found it a lot harder to be engaged or ask questions, and I do think the disconnect has made it harder for me to absorb the materialDefinitely less engaging than it would be in person but overall I feel we are still accomplishing a lot and learning from each other.It has made it a worse experience.My tutorial is in person.Remote instruction has made this class not as hands on as it should be. It is quite hard to retain material when under remote instruction.In general, I'm having difficulty with time management and have found that the remote environment has made it harder to complete schoolwork. Though I know I can reach out toteachers and other students for help, it's harder for me to do this remotely.It has made it more difficult to focus during lectureMy other classes, especially Chemistry, are so much work that it can seem like I put this class off. Remote learning has made me feel like I'm so behind where I need to be.It makes it harder to focus during lecture.While I appreciate the extra chemistry practice and don't regret signing up for this course, it's very hard to sit for two hours in this class.Definitely, I find it much harder to comprehend this kind of stuff when not in person (doing my best though)It has made it a little harder to engage in discussion, but overall the remote instruction has worked well.Not much. It's pretty much the same as my humanity class from last year, except maybe a little more relaxedHonestly, I think it's better this way than anything else, because we can just directly watch video of what the professors are doing on the coding softwareI think that in general the lack of in–person discussion makes the material less engaging, though I suppose the thought process that goes into t understanding said materialremains the same.Remote instruction has not negatively affected my experience in this class, minus a few Zoom disconnections here and there. Professor Johnson facilitates the (virtual) classdiscussions in a very interesting manner!The effect has been minimal.It actually really works with a math class!It's just harder to focusNot much probably.It has made my experience a bit more challenging as it is much more difficult to engage with other students and the professor.The hardest part for me is keeping track of where to schedule things, where to find assignments, and how to submit them.It's been fine.It's been more of a challenge to participate in discussions.It's been going pretty well actually.Since this class is asynchronous, it's made it more difficult for me to manage my time.I has made it harder to engage with everyone, but the focus on online resources and asynchronous learning has given me extra time to spend reading.changes!It's been difficult because Professor Shirokoff is not the most adept with technologyAs a discussion based class, it is bound to be more difficult over Zoom. However, so far it appears that the class has adjusted well.The class is asynchronous, and I don't really take the class 'with' anybody. I don't make contact with my peers.It was a bit difficult at first getting used to where to find our assignments and how to submit them, but other than that I haven't had too many issues thus far.Not very much. I think Professor Li has done a fantastic job with the class.My instructor has adjusted very well to remote instruction. She is adaptable and understanding.I feel like the reason remote instruction has worked so poorly is due to the professor's unwillingness to adjust the syllabus and not due to the fact that it is inherently difficult toteach this online. The amount of work is double, if not triple all of my other classes and yet the instruction received it half of the average.We now meet via zoom.Very little, it's been going well.Sometimes it can be hard to stay focused in lectures, but I think that's just because it's online.It's been fine, the discussions are still really interesting and fun to participate in.It has made it easier to collaborate with others on psets. However, the small amount of interaction with the professor often makes the class feel very impersonal.Probably not all that muchIt's been fine, the discussions are still good.I think the remote format has made this class harder. It's more difficult to follow math concepts over Zoom than in person.Harder to pay attention and focus in classharder to access office hourslabs are a little different, but still work okNot very much. In my opinion, Professor Larra has created a great virtual experience for all us students.It has made it both easier and harder to participate. But it makes is much harder to stay completely focused the whole time.a little harder to speak up during group the whole group discussions, but breakout discussions work just fine.Remote instruction has made me enjoy this class less than I believe I would have if I took this class in–person.Zoom sometimes makes it more difficult to communicate.I think remote instruction has slightly affected my experience in this class as I think this class is still more suited for in–person due to the discussions but it is still very effectiveremotely.It has definitely made it hard to keep up in this class. While videos definitely help and the handouts, it's still hard to fully grasp the concepts even with going to office hours. I oftendon't have much motivation to do the work beforehand and would rather work on things for other classes.No change in experience.Please see below, under "What is working, what is not working, in this class?" for more detail. Essentially, the new lab format is more difficult in a virtual environment and thelarge, 500 person Zoom meetings make it difficult for lectures to proceed smoothly.There may have been more interactions if the class was in–person but overall my experience has not been too affected.It is significantly harder to learn new subjects.I have difficulty paying attention to the lessons sometimes because everything is online, so I end up having to rewind or rewatch several lessons.While having the conversations in person would be a lot more engaging, my class and instructor have made it really informative and interestingWe are unable to effectively work on our speaking abilities, as compared to in–person instructionthe flow of discussion can sometimes be interruptedI think that it has made the class a little more independent, but I don't think that it has a major affect on learning.I find it more difficult to contribute in the large group discussions. Sometimes the right time to speak up passes by when gathering specific quotation evidence to include in acomment.It is challenging to collaborate in groups outside of class.Not really affected too much. Harder to do study groups.Not very muchI would say that its not the same in terms ofanalyzing passages and class participation as a whole, but I think that the instructor helps my holstiic understanding of the materialsby including other works within that context and pushing us to look deeperI am struggling to complete work on time and stay focused, although I care about the subject matter.The discussion sections change format each weekI think that the class has gone as well as can be expected remotely.Made it better: lectures are better pre–recorded and Professor Wilson is available frequentlyI think it's definitely harder to learn the information but both the professor and the TA are doing a good job of adjustingIt has chalenged by ability to absorb my instructor's introduction of new information/mathematical techniques as readily as if we were in personThis class involves consistently time–consuming homework and reading. It's difficult for me to do this work on top of working 20 hours a week to support myself, even though it'sremote. I am really tired sometimes after work and online school is hard to engage with in that state.It's difficult for me to engage in online classes because I work 20 hours a week to support myself. It's hard to be on the computer for such long hours after work demands myattention.I think the teachers have added more work into the class to make up for being away.It has been good, I think that the small groups have facilitated discussion, feedback on writing assignments.Prof. Larra has done a great job transitioning to remote instruction!This class has not translated too well into the online space and I feel as though many of the students are not very motivated by the teaching style.The synchronous lessons on Wednesdays are on a Zoom meeting rather than webinar, so there are 500 students in the meeting with hundreds of students asking questions atthe same time with the chat function, and it then becomes difficult to focus on the lesson. During my first discussion section, my class was "Zoom–bombed" by some kidsscreaming racial slurs, including several directed at my TA.It's a little difficult to do the problem sets on a Google Doc, but realistically I don't think there's a better option when over Zoom so I think it's the best we have. Overall, this workshopseems to be well adapted to Zoom.it's given me more time in a way to do the readingsMostly well. I really really wish for in–person class and everything that comes with it – quieter discussion, that gap before and after class to talk to people or the teacher, but remoteinstruction is tolerable.I feel like I am doing the majority of the learning on my own and with my peers. I appreciate the videos but the Zoom class once a week honestly does not aid in my learning at all.I would definitely like to have a study group, however the fact that the class is remote makes it harder to meet other students in my class.I have difficulty managing remote learning workload.I'm sorry that I missed out on having in person classes with Professor Shelton, I heard they were really fun.I actually feel more comfortable sharing in this class that I think I would have if it were in person.Remote isn't as bad as I thought it would be. I prefer in–person, but the remote experience isn't bad at all.It's difficult to get a word in in a 20 person zoom call.The Zoom format is fine, but it also allows the professor to lose track of time, and each class goes over by 10–15 minutes each time. Lectures are just not as engaging as theywould be in–person which is true for any lecture–based course, but it is difficult to pay attention to everything.I feel like this class hasn't been greatly impacted by the switch to a fully remote format; most of the components seem to have translated quite well.Remote has made Zoom class time all focused on doing practice problems which means that the majority of learning is done on my own.It is generally a lot harder to focus on lectures in a remote format.It has made some things more difficult.pedro has been awesome about adapting to the online format, everything is going very smoothlyDespite lectures being remote as opposed to in person, I feel like they've translated remarkably well.professor is very helpful in posting lectures and his TAs are great at available for helpIt has made the discussions a little weird at times because of connection issues at points but otherwise, it has been fine.It has changed the format of the class, and limited the amount of in class communicationYes, a zoom class with 450+ students is extremely difficult and useless.there is less communication between professor & students on how the class is going, i think the professor is sometimes under the impression that we have a higher base offoundation than we actually do – this results in a lot of difficulty in solving the homework sets, since he assumes we know some concepts that we were not previously taught indepth.Connection issues a little bit of a problem sometimes but otherwise, it has been fine.Sometimes connection issues are slightly annoying but otherwise, it is fine.It takes a lot of the personal experience out of a lecture style of learningI feel like I am teaching myself a lot of the concepts because of the way the remote instruction is structured.Not much, maybe less informal discussion after classThe connection issues have been a little bit of a problem in lectures.I think the class is structured well remotely, allowing us to learn the concepts well while being accommodating of our time despite the remote format.Not as much informal discussion after classIt has made discussions more difficult and less free–flowing.It has notIt has notCan't interact with professor as much, but overall it works well.made it worsemade it worsemade it worse, hard to pay attention to zoom lectureIt definitely makes it harder to do discussions, but overall they work pretty well.What is working, what is not working, in this class?